Efi Boot appears on BootCamp page <body> I'm new in this forum and I hope someone has an answer for my issue.  Since yesterday my mac-book pro won't boot in Os X  I have boot-camp on it  If I turn on normally  the apple logo, loading circle and a progress bar appears and when the progress bar reach the end the laptop it shout down by itself. It continue to do so all the time.  I tried boot windows and no problem. I can even see contents from Os X partition.  I tried to re-install Os X on its partition but on the disk utility the Macintosh partition it appears as grey and it won't allow me to initialize...saying the hard drive can't be opened/mounted.  How can I solve this problem without damage Windows partition?  Is the Osx partition boot-loader corrupted?  Thanks for your help.  David  <comment142550> What was the Mac OS doing before this occurred? Did you install any updates or software? <comment142583> Os X 10.9 yes I guess windows 8.1 did some automatic updates. <comment142606> I meant from the Mac OS side, were there any updates or installs you did on that side. If you don't have any data on the Mac side the erase and install it. If you have data than save them on another drive and erase and install. If you want to find the issue, post more information <comment143066> Sorry I miss understood the question...On the Osx nothing has been done, I was using Defrag tool from Windows and when I rebooted I got all this...I pull out the hard drive connected to another pc and I used Minitool parition software to wipe the Os X parition and format it. I reinstalled OSx all good so far.  Now the problem is on the Windows 8.1 side :( Wifi doesn't work and explorer.exe it crash everytime I do right click...it looks like an never ending story. <comment143093> You should never defrag boot camp. Chances are you will now have to go into the Mac OS side and delete your boot camp partition and set it up again because the drivers have been corrupted. <comment143222> I will never defrag again....I ended up to reinstall Windows from scratch....I learned the hard lesson :**( Thanks for you help anyway.