Why doesn't iBooks save my place between the iPhone and iPad? <body> strongBackground:/strong I finally bought a fiction book to read on my iOS devices. It's emRedshirts/em by John Scalzi. I bought it from Apple. It was supposed to be DRM-free but wasn't. So the author got Macmillan to send a DRM-free version to anyone who sent a copy of their purchase confirmation. So I deleted the Apple Store version and replaced with the DRM-free epub file.  strongProblem:/strong My understanding was that when I stop reading on the iPad I could later pick up the iPhone and have the book open up to the place where I stopped on the iPad. But this isn't happening. I've tried placing a bookmark when I finish reading but it doesn't change anything.  Is my original assumption incorrect?  Sync Bookmarks and Sync Collections are both on in iBooks settings on the iPad and iPhone.  I haven't migrated from MobileMe to iCloud yet (still waiting for Bare Bones to get Yojimbo to sync over iCloud). Is that a problem?   strongUpdate/strong  I switched over to iCloud and syncing still doesn't happen. My guess is it's because I have two Apple IDs the one I use to make iTunes purchases is not the .mac Apple ID that became my iCloud account.   <answer53157> Yeah it is an iCloud / mobile me issue. What you could do is set up a free iCloud account and then perhaps never use it if you do not want multiple accounts, but it would allow you to test it.  <answer57624> iBooks uses your iTunes account to sync bookmarks and places.  My wife and I share an account for app and book purchases, so I setup a separate iCloud account for her thinking that her bookmarks would go there.  It turns out that I'm wrong, and it's the iTunes store account that stores it.  I wish iCloud was the storage location, since the other app settings and backups do work using separate accounts.    <comment60748> Sounds like a problem to me - my devices sync the way you described (syncs to iPhone when finished on the iPad without me doing anything). I suppose it could be a MobileMe/iCloud problem. <comment60763> Mine sync correctly as well and I'm using iCloud, not mobileme. Note: I too use Yojimbo but I was so mad that the iOS version was read only I never got it. <comment60772> Thanks. Since the MobileMe sunset date is in three weeks I'll wait until then or a Yojimbo update, whichever is first. <comment60774> Upgrading to iCloud doesn't disable MobileMe's iDisk component. You can keep using iDisk until the EOL date even after converting to iCloud. <comment60776> Yeah I forgot to mentioned that - you do not loose any off Mobile Me's functionality while the service is available. <comment60778> That doesn't correlate with what Bare Bones told me. According to them, Yojimbo syncing will stop working if I switch to iCloud. I'm not willing to take that risk until July 1. <comment60780> Then the additional iCloud account (apple ID) would be your best bet to trial it before then. <comment66549> That sounds promising. Is there a way to associate my iPhone with my iTunes account? It's already associated with my iCloud account, but that's a different Apple ID than the one on my iTunes account. <comment66554> Found it under Settings - Store. I switched it from my iCould account to my iTunes store account. It works!