Preview cannot display two different eps files with the same name simultaneously <body> I am running OS X 10.9.5 on a 2010 Macbook Pro.  I have two eps files that I want to use Preview to view (Preview really converts the eps files to pdfs).  One file is ~/Research/images/test.eps and the other file is ~/Desktop/test.eps.  The first file displays sin(x), the second displays cos(x).  If I open the first file, it shows the correct plot (i.e. sin(x)).  Now if I open the second file (keeping the first open), the second plot correctly displays cos(x). However, the first instance of test.pdf automatically changes from sin(x) to cos(x). When I was using OS X 10.6.8, this never happened.  This makes it very difficult to compare plots (with the same name).  Is there a setting I can change or a way around this?  <answer148911> You might want to use and Open two instances of Preview at once.     Unfortunately, Preview (like most Mac OS X applications) lets you have   just one instance of a file open at a time. But there’s a way around   that restriction.      The open command line program accepts a parameter -n that allows it to   launch the application again, even if it’s already running. So, if   you’re currently viewing file.pdf in Preview, enter open -n file.pdf   in Terminal. (You’ll need to supply the full and complete path to the   file, of course; the easiest way to do that is to type in open -n,   then drag the file from the Finder to the Terminal command line.)   Another instance of Preview will launch, complete with its own Dock   icon, with the PDF document open.   <comment175401> Yes. I would have the first window was originally viewing sin(x) and the second window opens and displays cos(x).  The first window then automatically changes to displaying cos(x). <comment175402> So you want to Open two instances of Preview at once. <comment175403> That is correct. To view two different eps files with the same name at the same time. <comment175405> Thanks for the help, it worked. It is kind of annoying to have to do this, when this wasn't an issue in Snow Leopard. <comment175406> maybe there is another way, but glad to hear this worked for you.