MacBook Air or Pro for portable video editing, photo editing and programming? <body> Widows user here, thinking about migrating to a MAC. I am considering either a MacBook Air (for its better battery life and extreme portability) or the MacBook Pro (for more powerful specs) -13" and 2015 models- to be able to edit videos, photos and be able to do some coding while travelling.  I'm no professional by far, but I need the mac to be able to run Adobe tools mainly, Premiere and Photoshop. Are both powerful enough to run these applications?  What about other tools such as Visual Studio, SQL Server and Eclipse (android development).. Will these be able to run on MacBook or will I need to make a dualboot/use VMWare? Will it run smoothly?  <answer186121> Yes, both machines are powerfull enough to emrun/em the apps. Given the processors a MacBook Pro will perform better in tasks such as rendering. If the machine you have now isn't low-end and it is maxed out, you'll probably be happier with a MacBook Pro. If your not unhappy with rendering times on a similar machine, you'll probably be fine with an Air.  Eclipse and Android development tools are available for Mac OS X. Visual Studio has been Windows only, but Microsoft just announced Visual Studio Code which is available for Mac as well, but I don't think it has the same set of features as the "Studio" version. There are SQL-variants for OS X, however Microsoft SQL Server is Windows-only.  In terms of windows software there's always the choice of dualbooting or virtualization. Virtualization has come a long way and offers close-to-native performance for emmost/em tasks. For RAM or graphic-intense tasks dual-booting can be the better option.  <comment219665> I wouldn't say I have a high end PC, but it ain't bad i7 950, 6GB RAM and HD6970 2GB. I am viewing some videos and I am pretty amazed how a macbook air can handle heavy apps and even 4k video. A windows laptop with the same spec would probably struggle or be extremely slow.  In terms of resource how much does dualbooting Windows take up? - I have to consider the hard disk size to buy with MAC OS & dualboot installed. Thanks! <comment219666> Dual-Booting itself (almost) doesn't cost you any extra space. It solely depends on the software you install in there, and of course Windows itself will take up it's usual space. <comment219667> so window 7 - roughly 30Gb for the os and extra space for each software installed right? <comment219684> @rikket Windows 7 takes up roughly 15-20 GB but then requires a load of updates and things like .NET or DirectX which bump it up to nearly 40GB. Most Adobe programs are pretty large so I would recommend getting a Western Digital external drive and dual booting off of that. All you have to do is use WinToUSB on your current computer to "burn" Windows 7 to the USB. I recommend WD because after many different products I have tried, their's proved to be the most easy to setup and works perfectly (I use a 2TB Ultra but 1TB on any model should work fine)