Why is OSX telling me I can't open a document from an unidentified developer? <body> I thought this feature was only for apps, not for documents.  This is a C# script file, and I've told it to open it with Visual Studio Code. I can open VS Code with no problem, so it doesn't seem to be the permissions on that.  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/7gUoF.png" alt="enter image description here"  <answer251212> The document is likely marked as codeexecutable/code.  You need to remove the executable bit from the file. This does not affect the file's contents, only how it is handled by the operating system. You can do this with the command line tool codechmod/code:  precodechmod -x &lt;path to file&gt; /code/pre  h1File Marked as Executable/h1  All executable files pass through macOS's security checks. As this file is not a signed executable, the checks fail.  As this is a mistakenly marked-as-executable file, the ability to open bypassing the checks are disabled; there is no executable to actually launch.  This problem is fairly common when moving files between operating systems. Differences in the importance of file type bits effectively get lost in translation.  <answer251229> Your Mac is protecting you from "unidentified developers" by default. By default you can't run apps that aren't downloaded from the app store. Try this: open Preferences-Security &amp; Privacy-General, change "Allow apps downloaded from:" to "Anywhere". That should solve message from coming up.  <answer251242> When you say you "told it to open it with Visual Studio Code", what emexactly/em do you mean? If you did it using the Info window, by selecting Visual Studio Code from the "Open with" pop-up menu, but emnot/em clicking the "Change all" button, then I think I can explain what's happening.  There are two critical pieces here. First, if you set a document to open in a particular app, what it actually does is attach some metadata to the file (think of it like sticking a post-it note onto the file) that says to open it with that particular app. Second, if a document is quarantined (because it was downloaded from the internet, or created by a sandboxed app, or some other reasons), it's considered untrusted, and the gatekeeper security policy will be applied to anything like executable in the file.  These two features can interact in an unfortunate way: that "open with" note is an instruction about what to do, and therefore (sort of) executable code, and therefore the gatekeeper security policy applies to it (even though you created the note, it's "part of" the untrusted file, and therefore untrusted). Thus, double-clicking a document (with "open with" metadata) can get you the untrusted app warning/error.  Fortunately, as long as you want all .cs files to open in the same app, there's a solution: in the Info window, Open with section, select Visual Studio Code, and emthen click "Change all"/em. This removes the metadata from the file, and instead makes an entry in your Launch Services preferences saying that you prefer to have .cs files open in Visual Studio Code. Since the setting is now a personal setting rather than a note attached to an untrusted file, the problem goes away.  <comment312231> A .cs file is not an app. The app opening the file is already trusted, as stated in the question. See the accepted answer. <comment312298> Unless it is an app and someone changed the extension to trick you into opening it. <comment312566> If you control-click and select "open" on the file in question, and then agree that it is trustworthy in the resulting dialogue, I think it will open as desired in all future cases as the system will trust it in the future - even if the "change all" dance has not been done. <comment313184> @j-beda If you hold down the Option key after bringing up the context menu for a file, the Open With item changes to Always Open With. <comment336645> But if you change a .app to something else, it won't open as an app because .app is a folder. Once you rename it, it just behaves as a normal folder.