Apple Hardware Test reports error 4SNS/1/40000001:VeAS-0.000 <body> ul liI got a great deal on a base 2.66 GHz Quad-Core Intel (W3520) 2009 Mac Pro4,1 on eBay.  /li liI already have a (flashed) Gigabyte Radeon HD 7970 GHz edition./li liI have a 3.46 GHz Intel Xeon W3690 on the way./li liI'm planning to upgrade the firmware to 5,1, put the new processorbr into the Mac Pro4,1-5,1 and enjoy several more years of use. Therebr are hundreds if not thousands of similarly upgraded Mac Pros outbr there. It's super well documented, safe, etc./li /ul  The new Mac Pro came with a 640GB HDD with Yosemite installed. On the first boot I did not hear the familiar and comforting Mac startup chimes. Resetting the PRAM and SMC fixed that (temporarily, read on...)  I pulled the boot SSD, supporting data drives and HD 7970 GPU out of my Mac Pro1,1 and put it into the new(er) Mac Pro4,1. Theoretically, my El Capitan boot SSD and everything else should drop into the new Mac Pro without so much as a hiccup.*   Again, I got no startup chimes. Hmmmm... Then I noticed that iStat Menus was no longer reporting GPU temps. Hmmmmm...  I went thru all the normal troubleshooting steps and finally booted up from Apple Hardware Test; it reports error 4SNS/1/40000001:VeAS-0.000 I had already reset PRAM and SMC, but I did again. Same result. This page helps me interpret the code:   ul li"4SNS" = a sensor problem;/li li"V" indicates that it's a voltage sensor;/li li"e" is short for PCIe and finally,/li li"0.000" indicates that the sensor is reading 0 voltage/li /ul  Ok. The voltage sensor on the motherboard/backplane is disconnected, shorted or otherwise not working. The card is obviously getting all the power it needs. GPUz and ATI's latest "Crimson" software does not report any errors. I even bumped the clock speed a bit and the voltage too, with no problems.  Here's the question: strongShould I be worried? Should I return the computer to the seller?  If this is the only "problem" that AHT found, am I making a wise choice to continue with my upgrade plans with this unit?/strong  With all due respect, speculation isn't going to help me. I have the information I've laid out above. If someone has a definitive answer, that will be truly helpful. The only person who can  give me an answer would probably have to be a certified tech or someone who has a lot of experience diagnosing Mac hardware.  Thanks ;-)  *If you're familiar with the boot.efi hack to get EC running on a Mac Pro1,1, I actually forgot to swap out the boot.efi on the first startup so it booted from his Yosemite install. Head-smack. Swap files. Not an issue.  [EDIT/UPDATE] If anyone is following this or cares, I've narrowed it down to three possibilities:  ol liIt's just the sensor. It may or may not be simple and inexpensive to fix/li liThere's a problem with the PSU. I can handle that /li liThere's something wrong with the main Logic Board/Backplane. That's a deal-breaker as replacing it would cost $399 /li /ol  I've gotten hold of a copy of the more robust Apple Service Diagnostics and will be doing a more thorough test.  <comment274184> If anyone is following this or cares, I've found a copy of the more robust Apple Service Diagnostics and will be doing a more thorough test.