Keeping contacts on iOS5/iPhone4s <body> So, I have my iPhone 4S with iOS5. I don't plug it into my computer often (I don't think I plugged it in since I got it), but I did plug it in today and I lost all of my contacts. I don't know if it was something I pressed, or it just felt like misbehaving, but nonetheless I went to right click the device and pressed restore. It didn't work.  So now, I'm stuck with a couple of questions:  ol liIs there any way to restore these contacts? (I remember I deleted pictures off of my Android Phone once and the software recuvva from piriform helped me out)/li liDon't my contacts save to iCloud? (Forums online say that iCloud doesn't back up contacts, but on Apples website it sure does seem like it does)/li liIs there anything I should do to make sure my contacts back up? (I really don't want to resort to downloading any extra apps. I feel as though my email or icloud should be able to handle this)/li liHow do I even know if iCloud is working? (I'm not entirely sure I set it up)/li /ol  Plus any other tips you might have for me.  <comment62590> What kind of computer?  If this was the first time you plugged your iPhone into that computer, you might have been presented with a dialog.  Can you recount the events that occurred after you plugged your phone in? <comment62630> Nope not sure what dialog boxes showed up, but it's my only laptop I own. <comment62634> Ok.  I was only asking because an icloud enabled mac would make the solution a bit easier. Regarding your numbers questions 2-4:  contacts are backed up to iCloud by default when iCloud is set up.  If you are unsure about your iCloud settings, visit Settings-iCloud.    iCloud is enough for what you want with no extra apps needed.  The problem here is that you synced it to a computer.  If I were you, I'd look at restoring from the backup that your computer made when you synced. <comment62707> I took it to Verizon and the guy got back all of my stuff except for pictures. <comment62708> I'm glad that worked out. Did he get your iCloud backup settings sorted for you? <comment62712> He set up iCloud for me. I didn't have it set up before that. I guess that answers the question whether or not iCloud supports contacts.