Why does my iMac lose connectivity over WiFi every few hours? <body> I have a Mid-2011 iMac running Mavericks. It's connected to a Netgear WGR614 router (G, not N). After a few hours of being connected, sometimes the browser is unable to load any websites and a connection to my NAS just gets disconnected. The WiFi connection itself doesn't drop - I'm still connected to it just fine. However, no data transfer takes place unless I cycle the WiFi off and on.  This data connectivity loss seems to happen at somewhat regular intervals. It's probably not due to interference - sometimes when the microwave is running, there is a bit of a stutter while playing back video from the NAS, but it resumes after the microwave has stopped. The problem I'm talking about is a complete disconnection of the iMac from the other computers.  I've tried this off a fresh new install from another hard drive (also Mavericks), but the problem persists. It has also persisted with previous versions of OS X - mainly Mountain Lion.  I've installed all the updates, but the issue hasn't gone away. Could this be a problem with my WiFi adapter?  emUpdate:/em I've been using Windows 8 exclusively (Boot Camp) for the past week or so and I've noticed the WiFi drops then too, but not as frequently as it does while I'm in OS X. Also, it seems like a minor interruption, with the yellow exclamation sign coming up over the wireless tray icon and going away a few moments later. So it does happen on Windows, but at least I don't have to manually cycle the WiFi on/off.  <comment140846> Have you tried setting your ip manually instead of getting one through dhcp? <comment140851> Not recently, but whenever I've done that, I've had some issues with other IP conflicts, since all the other devices use DHCP. I'll give it another try, though.. <comment140852> You have to manually pick an ip outside of the range the router uses for dhcp. Log on the router to see which ones you can use, I believe you typically connect to it in a browser with 192.168.1.1, 192.168.0.1, 10.0.0.1 or 10.0.1.1 <comment140853> A Netgear WGR614 v7, as it says in the question. I just tried setting the IP manually, but the iMac couldn't figure out that it was connected. I had to switch back to DHCP and renew the lease.