Reduce impact of Disk IO on performance <body> I've never found that OS X has been exemplary at handling responsiveness under Disk IO, but Mavericks has made it so bad that I've been barely able to use my machine whenever a backup kicks in.  Because this is a laptop that is usually only open and awake only when I'm using it, scheduling backups to happen off-hours is an absolute last resort. Especially since once upon a time this wouldn't have been necessary whatsoever. Furthermore, because I have relatively beefy disk needs, an SSD isn't really a viable alternative at the moment. I tried alleviating the problem with an HD upgrade to 7200RPM... though if I'm honest, the machine feels worse now.   I'm desperate for any suggestions as to how to get this machine snappy again. It's older, to be sure, but I can't figure out why since Mavericks a backup will bring it to its knees.   hr  Specs:   13", Mid 2010 macbook-pro, 2.4GHz Core 2 Duo, 8 GB of ram, and plenty of free space. It's rare in normal usage for this machine to touch swap, even since Mavericks.   Backups:   ul liTime Machine and BackBlaze (though, the effect on IO is the same regardless of which is running, even non-concurrently). strongETA/strong: Spent some quality time with codeiotop/code -- codeiotop/code does point a big finger at the Backblaze processes, however, that doesn't explain why it's so bad on this machine and fine for so many other users. /li /ul  Other possibly Relevant Notes:   ul liAfter losing a disk to failure a while back, I'm fastidious about checking for IO errors now, and there don't seem to be any signs of them. /li liFileVault2 is enabled, and is a requirement. /li /ul  hr  I'm crossing my fingers, but it emlooks/em like 10.9.1 has largely corrected whatever was going on.   <comment133212> Please describe the between the TimeMachine and the MacBook Pro. Network, USB, Firewire?  Of these three I believe USB requires the most resources of the host machine and FireWire the least.  Switching from USB to Firewire should help. <comment133236> Yes, it's USB. Having said that, this drive has been in service for almost two and a half years, with no complaints till Mavericks. I lean against it.