iPhone 5s IOS 9.0.2 Stuck on lock screen cannot use swipe to unlock or use Siri at all <body> I upgraded to IOS 9.0 and then later updated to 9.0.2.   I use my iPhone heavily everyday with data input, music, photos and texting. I upload constantly to my MBP 15 OSX 10.9.5 so I won't loose anything and I try to be modest using Apple everywhere.   Today, just minutes ago I decided to learn more about SIRI to use it more. So I asked Siri the question "Where can I learn more about use and operate Siri? Siri's answer was enable "Location Services".  I disable Cellular data and use WI-FI to keep my data costs down. I tapped to open location and services and that's the beginning to this mess.  Currently, I cannot use the swipe to unlock my passcode to bring Siri back or anything.   I tapped and tried to use anything and then I get a VOICE activated identification of the action I'm doing and the identity of the iPhone part I'm using.   I read other attempts to solve this that had a similar problem but nothing worked for me. I have not tried the drain the power yet because I have a full charge going.   I tried iTunes but that action brought the message it could not restore without loosing any data or music because it was locked. So I'm perplexed. Can anyone help me?  <comment253650> Have you tried powering off and then back on. Also you say what iPhone you have <comment253652> My iPhone has been returned to normal passcode mode. I have unlocked my iPhone and have normal use once again. I had help from my husband who recognized it was in "blind deaf  mode" otherwise known as "VOICE OVER". He made my world right once again he's my hero. Here is how he made my iPhone unlock and then changed my settings to disable voice over. i did a screen photo for anyone else who needs to research SWIPE WILL NOT WORK TO UNLOCK TO USE PASSCODE... <comment253653> Glad all is good now. You can post the how as an answer yourself and then accept it. <comment253655> ASK DIFFERENT: How do i enter my numeric password in iPhone 4 in VoiceOver mode? My iPhone 4 is in VoiceOver mode. It`s currently locked and not accepting my passcode which is absolutely correct. And now it's saying iPhone is disabled. Any solution? Yes - triple tapping the home button worked great!!! –  user19208 Feb 23 '12 at 20:00   Tips on using VoiceOver The touch interface is totally different in VoiceOver. First you have to tap once to select the number, then you double tap anywhere on the screen to select the spoken element. GO THE QUESTION ABOVE AND READ MORE CONTENT THERE. <comment253656> THANK YOU ASK DIFFERENT !! YOU GUYS ARE THE 'IT PEOPLE" !! <comment253717> If anyone does not understand HOW we found our answer (1) my husband found a tagged question from ASK DIFFERENT (2)  tagged question is this HOW DO I ENTER MY NUMERIC PASSWORD IN iPHONE 4 IN VOICEOVER MODE? (3) this question was asked 4 years ago (4) SOLVED. <comment253759> http://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/16097/how-do-i-enter-my-numeric-password-in-iphone-4-in-voiceover-mode