Disk utility on OSX and gParted both fail to format a drive <body> I have codemac mini mid 2011/code, bought 14 months back. Yesterday I started my system normally but it was running slow the usual so I restarted it, after restarting system was taking too long to boot but this time it did not show the login screen and stop sign or crossed circle appeared in place of apple logo.  I again restated the system and keep holding codeoption key to use disk utility/code and coderecovery-hd(actual name in my sys is recovery-10.8.2)/code but recovery also didnt worked, after selecting coderecovey-hd/code same happen system keep booting too long and stop sign appear on apple logo.  I have codebootable mountain lion usb/code, I get into codedisk utility/code check the hard drive by running verify disk and got no issues.  I have 3 partitions   ul liMacintosh HD   (os installed in this) 200gb    /li liMacintosh HD 2 (I keep my important files in this)  200gb/li liMy TimeMachine (I use this for time machine backup) 100gb/li /ul  I decide to codeformat Macintosh HD/code and to install mountain Lion again so I started to format this partition, but again after approx 25% formatting got stuck, after restart I also delete the partition and then tried to format but formatting got stuck in middle. I restarted the system and read searched on Internet regarding this issue, some saying hard drive crashed, same saying fan not working but both are fine in my case.  I created a codebootable ubuntu on another usb/code and boot the system from ubuntu, then I tried to delete and format partition using codegParted Partition Editor/code but after too long operation failed message appeared (now I am worried).  I keep searching on Internet regarding this issue and found that this happens when codeMaster Boot Record/code gets corrupt. And thats why nothing can be write on disk(brief description).  Please help me what actually happed and how to fix this issue?  <answer92290> Two possible problems IMHO:    1) Faulty disk, bad blocks on it.br 2) Corrupted GUID (usually mac disks aren't formatted with MBR)    Possible check/solutions:  1) How to check for bad blocks without formatting.br 2) View my answer here.    However, if you can provide an exit error number while trying to format disk with disk utility it's easier to identify the exact origin of your issue.  <comment108471> If its a Mac mini 2011, then its an Intel processor.  That means the disk was NOT formatted using Master Boot Record.  Intel Macs require GUID partitioning, or they won't boot.  It sounds more like the hard drive is failing.  Your need an external drive, either Firewire or USB connection.  Format the external drive, install the OS, and copy as much of the data as you can. <comment131760> You've gotten three different OS to error out on the storage. Save whatever files you care and then wipe that drive totally. If you are lucky, it's fine but I would expect is to be hardware failure from the inability of the OS to self-repair.