iOS often reestablishing VPN connection <body> I already asked this question over at Server Fault but it didn't get much attention, let alone an answer. That's why I'm reposting here.  hr  In my company we have roughly 300 iOS users (iPhones and iPads) that connect from remote via VPN to our internal network. The VPN server is running OpenBSD 6.0 with OpenIKED on it. For the key exchange we use IKEv2. On the iOS devices we use the Apple VPN client with the "VPN always on" option switched on (this is a requirement I can't change).  Establishing connections from the devices works flawlessly. However, as soon as they go into power saving mode they disconnect from the VPN -- only to reconnect after 20 seconds or so. Then they disconnect again, reconnect, and so forth. Even in power saving mode they seem to want to call home (they talk to Apple's 17.0.0.0/8 network) and other places.  This is problematic for two reasons:  ol liThe device's batteries need to be recharged after only a couple of hours./li liOur VPN server is very busy establishing VPN connections all the time./li /ol  Any ideas what I could do to fix this problem? How do people normally connect iOS devices securely to their networks?  <comment370060> I suspect that all traffic is required to be routed through the VPN. Considering this, the described behavior can be expected, and I wonder what kind of fix you might be looking for when that cannot be changed? <comment370100> @not2savvy: One solution would be to make the iOS devices less talkative. I mean, how do people normally use this option AND still have a device that isn't almost rendered useless? <comment370113> Was my assumption correct? If so, do you know which apps cause the reconnects? I would assume it's mail for one? <comment370115> Yes, all traffic has to go through the VPN (that's the "Always On" option). And, no, it's not mail but rather the iOS device talking to Apple's network (17.0.0.0/8). <comment370224> I understood "Always on" as "user cannot switch it off", while what is routed through the VPN tunnel is yet another aspect. For example, Apple's network could be excluded from the VPN tunnel, if that is an option. <comment370254> Unfortunately, that's not an option. Really all traffic has to go through the VPN. <comment370269> Then options are limited unless we know what could cause the traffic. Find my iPhone perhaps? <comment370300> So there is no secret option, for example, to switch off contacting 17/8 while in sleep mode? <comment370314> I doubt there is such an option, not even a secret one. As said before, you might try to analyze the traffic to identify and change the iPhone setting or app that is causing the traffic, but from what you said before, it seems to me as if changing anything on the iPhone would not be an option anyway.