Terminal gives :command not found, when typing too fast <body> I'm having the weirdest problem on my new MacBook pro, I had the same on the old one and I thought it might have something to do with that.  On my old MacBook Pro, whenever I used the pipe char in my Terminal followed by, let's say, codegrep/code I'd get a codecommand not found/code.  If I then just typed codegrep/code in plain in the Terminal I'd get the standard output.  Later I discovered that the problem only occurred when I typed in the command fast:  Lets say I wanted to use codetee/code to inherit something in a few text files.  From another Terminal I'd do:     echo "-r base.txt" | tee -a development.txt texting.txt production.txt   I know this command and I'm able to type it all in ~3 seconds.  It gives me:     -bash:  tee: command not found   Now if I try the exact same command but really take my time typing it, lets say I use 20 seconds on typing it, then I get:  precode-r base.txt /code/pre  This is a confirmation that the command was executed properly.  I believed something was wrong with my old MacBook. Four months ago when I bought a new Mac it was exactly the same.  I then tried to do a fresh install. I deleted the hard drive and installed macOS from scratch. The same thing still occurs.  Has anyone else experienced this problem? If so, do you have a fix?  I also tried to install another Terminal like iTerminal2, I think that's what it's called, but with the exact same problem  <answer282423> Your problem is actually not Terminal.app specific.  The problem is more caused by you being slow on the keys than fast actually. When you type the | (pipe) character you need to hold down the Alt-key. When you're typing fast, you're actually too slow in releasing the Alt-key.  This means that you're not actually typing a space before the next command. You're pressing Alt-Space which gives you a "non-breaking space" - which is not the same as a space, but it looks that way in the Terminal.  The "non-breaking" space is not seen by your shell as a command delimiter, but instead a part of a command or file name. And therefore you get the error that no such file or directory exists.  To solve the problem - just remember to lift your finger from the alt key before typing space.  Alternatively you can change your keyboard mapping so that Alt-Space produces an ordinary space. You can find a guide to doing that here:  https://superuser.com/questions/78245/how-to-disable-the-option-space-key-combination-for-non-breaking-spaces  <comment355755> O dear god! i fell stupid now...... so i just tested what you said and your right.... and i fell so stupid right now. Thanks #jksoegaard