How to download entire iCloud Photo Libary to Windows PC <body> Is there a way I can download my entire iCloud Photo Libary to my windows PC then clear the iCloud Photo Libary to free up space on my iCloud account?  I have spent the past hour researching this and I'm still no further on...  <answer205504> Apple doesn't have a Photos app for PC, so the easiest way would be to borrow a Mac and log in to a new user and download all the photos to the Mac.   At that point, you can export the entire library to storage that's readable by your PC.  If you only have easy access to an iOS device, then you'll want to look into apps that can ingest all the local versions of the library and upload it to their cloud. Flickr, google, dropbox all come to mind with native apps that want to store all your photos in the cloud. You could try those to see how easy their export from cloud to PC is.  The share sheet on iOS 9 and the Photos app on iOS look like they will save entire albums to DropBox, but you could run into storage issues and have to chunk things a few GB at a time.  If I were to do this, I'd probably use the Workflow app to automate the saving of the files to the location of your choice. It has built in save to iCloud Documents which would work with iCloud software on PC.  Lastly, you could try using iTunes to copy the files to your PC. I don't have a PC to test, but that might be the simplest option if it works.  <comment247849> Thanks, do you think they've purposely made it this difficult so that you just continue to buy iCloud storage off them? <comment281991> @MichaelLB yes, definitely <comment281992> Did you manage to do this ? I have the same issue <comment282045> Yes, download the latest iCloud software, it now has the option to download your entire library but no option to clear the iCloud Photo Libary <comment282280> I did that, was not able to see any old pictures :-( <comment282496> @GeekDunkman - Sorry but I can't help any further. I think Apple still have some improvement work to do in this area...