Script or App that identifies corrupt music files? <body> I'm wondering if there is a Terminal command or AppleScript or any sort of app that can scan a collection of MP3s, WAVs, and FLACs, and determine if they are corrupt. iTunes skips songs once it hits a corruption, instead of freezing, so my folk suspicions lead me to believe there is a way to use this functionality to scan files silently at speeds faster than 1x and root out the corrupted ones.  I had a NAS failure awhile back that ended up corrupting a good number of my music files. I have spotty backups here and there, and I have been able to get some of my old externals alive for one more copy. So now I have a lot of duplicates and a lot are corrupted. It will take a very very very long time to listen to everything manually and delete the corrupt ones, there must be a way to automate.   <answer244585> I don't think there's a apple script that covers everything you are looking for. The good news: You don't have go through your library manually. There's a wonderful and lightweight application called Tune•Instructor.    It gets rid of duplicate, orphaned or corrupted music files in your library. It's pretty fast and accurate. Go to the music library tab  enable  »remove orphaned files. That's it. I am using it for years«. Editing multiple id3 tracks is very easy. You are saving so much time with tube instructor.      Tune•Instructor offers you an immense scope of features to recondition your tracks in iTunes and organize your library faster and more efficiently.      <comment305613> Thanks Tom. I don't want to remove orphaned songs from my iTunes Library, I want to identify the corrupt music files and replace them. I don't see any variables like corrupted, duplicate or orphaned in the Search Library tab <comment305636> Simply locate orphaned files in iTunes. It automatically reconnects missing file paths in your music folder structure <comment305984> Tom I think you may be missing my intention. I am looking to identify corrupt music files on my external. I am not looking to reconnect orphaned songs in iTunes.