Is finder search supposed to work as "full text search" at all in OS X El Capitan? <body> Scenario: I am trying to find a picture (which is named DSC_2345.jpg) inside the Photos Library in Finder. When I type "234" (without quotes) directly in the finder search field, all the photos whose names contain "234" are displayed in finder; however, when I type "2345" (without quotes) no photos. When I Type DSC_2345 I see the photo.  So my question is:  Is this full text search just supported with a maximum of 3 digits? It seems strange to me... I had a similar strange Finder search problem somehow also in Yosemite.  <answer211723> strongFinder/strong uses strongSpotlight/strong to index and search for files and folders.  There are several resources that can help you with understanding the way strongSpotlight/strong indexes files on your Mac.  Since you are looking for an exact phrase type of text search, use quotation marks.  (See below)  In strongFinder/strong select the Help menu and type in Spotlight for further information.  h2img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/2Ls0Ym.png" alt="Spotlight Help"/h2  Apple support: If searching your Mac doesn’t return expected results  From Apple's Support site regarding unexpected search results:     strongOS X El Capitan: If searching your Mac doesn’t return expected results/strongbr   There are several things you can try if a search doesn’t return the   items you expect.      strongCheck the text you entered in the search field/strongbr   Make sure the word or   phrase is spelled correctly.      strongemTo search for an exact phrase, enclose it in quotation marks./em/strongbr   For example, enter “trip to Paris” to find items that contain that exact   phrase. If you don’t use quotation marks, the search results include   items that contain those words in any order.      strongCheck the location you’re searching/strongbr   If you began your search in Spotlight, the search results can include email, Calendar events,   Spotlight Suggestions, information from other apps, and more. If you   began your search in a Finder window, the search results include only   files and folders on your internal disk.      strongCheck your Spotlight preferences/strongbr   You may have removed items from Spotlight search results. Choose Apple menu  System Preferences,   click Spotlight, then click Search Results.      You may have excluded certain folders or disks from searches. Choose   Apple menu  System Preferences, click Spotlight, then click Privacy.      You may have turned off Location Services for Spotlight Suggestions.   For more information, see About Spotlight Suggestions.      For more information about Spotlight preferences, see Spotlight   preferences.  