iCloud automatically connects with non-existing account <body> I am running El Capitan on a late 2012 MacBook Pro with 8GB of RAM and a SSHD.  The problem with iCloud is that it signs in automatically with an account that I have never had. It asks me to insert the password, but no password is working. "Account details" and "configure family" are grey (- i can't click on them) and if i log out I try to put my real AppleID it says:"this account is already present in Internet Accounts". So I went to "Internet Accounts" and there, under my real AppleID account it says:"this is not your primary iCloud account". And if I go back to iCloud it asks me the password of the non-existing account again. So basically I am in a loop and I do not know what to do. Even because if I try to put my real AppleID's password in the non existing one it stops working...I mean I put the password and it holds with the spinning thingy spinning for ages. On my iPhone everything is working perfectly.  So far I have tried: renaming my AppleID giving it the non existing one and try to connect: iCloud tries to connect but it is blocked. log in/log out several times erase all the files present in User/Library/ApplicationData/iCloud: nothing happened create a new AppleID named after the non-existing one: not working either go back with the time machine, but I cannot access preferences pane from there: not working erase all the data concerning the ghost-account from the keychain: not working  Is there a way to force iCloud to erase all its data, maybe from the Terminal?  Do you think that by installing el capitan from scratch could help?  Thanks a lot, it seems to me that I have read everything about similar problems, I have still not found a problem as mine. I hope you can tell me something more.  Cheers!  PS: I called Apple as well and they guide me through several procedures that I had just done 10 minutes before by myself thanks to our amazing users-community.  <comment261826> You write: `PS: I called Apple as well and they guide me through several procedures that I had just done 10 minutes before by myself thanks to our amazing users-community.` Did Apple Support solve the problem for you? If so, please edit your question to include the steps you had to take that worked for you. <comment261836> Actually, if the steps solved your problem, don't edit your question -- answer it yourself.  You can do that, you know.  Plus, it would be way less confusing and make it far less likely for your question to be removed.