Does My Photo Stream save photos to the "Photos" app on Mac? <body> I think I have this figured out but I have been trying to get a definitive answer. I've spent a few hours today organizing, importing, and being very confused by Photos on iOS and Photos on macOS. The most important part is this. I was going to import a few thousand photos (and videos) I have stored on my iPhone 6s to my MacBook Pro but the Photos app said that there was only 205 new items on my phone. These turned out to be mostly videos, as My Photo Stream does not stream videos, and a few photos that for some reason didn't get streamed. After a while of searching and trying to find a good explanation on Apple's website about My Photo Stream(this is the best I could find: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201317), I think I have finally figured it out: There is an option in Preferences for Photos that is selected by default that says: "Importing: Copy items to the Photos library". I understand this to mean that while photos are in My Photo Stream, they will be copied to the Photos app on Mac. So: Is this true? Is that what this does? And does it do it even when the app is closed? I can't tell because I open the Photos app about once a month and that could be when the photos from My Photo Stream are copied to my computer.  Also, does My Photo Stream save photos to your iOS device as well as the cloud, while they are still in the cloud? Because I can still access them if I completely disconnect my phone from the internet, so they must be on my device, essentially copies of what is already in my Camera Roll.  Edit: I found this page as well: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH13692?locale=en_US&amp;viewlocale=en_US It says explicitly on here that "Your Mac and Windows computers can automatically download and permanently keep every picture from My Photo Stream." So I guess that solves it. I'm just surprised that I didn't know this.  Is this a popular method of importing pictures to Macs? Do most Mac users know this? I hadn't transferred pictures to my Mac in probably a year but I was still seeing new pictures there so I I've been wondering about it for a while.  