External hard drive unplugged while running iTunes...Corrupted files <body> I have nearly 2TB of Movies and TV Shows copied to iTunes on an external hard drive. Last night, I was unplugging a cord behind my desk and I accidentally unplugged my HD. Well, when I plugged it back in and tried to open iTunes, it said that it was corrupted.   I couldn't figure out a work around for this so I made a new iTunes Library and pointed it to my media. I still couldn't get it to recognize my movies etc. This morning I tried to manually open one of the movies with Quicktime player and it says that it is not a movie file. HELP!!! This was days and days of work to transfer my DVD collection over.    <answer86053> The first recommendation is to run Disk Utility to repair the external drive. If it is a simple corruption Disk Utility can occasionally fix it.  The next step from that would be to run a higher-end data tree repair utility, such as Disk Warrior. This software costs a bit of money but is better at repairing serious directory structure issues such as this.  You could also attempt a software-based data recovery using a program like Data Rescue. This software is just a bit pricey though, and at some point you will want to consider how valuable this data is. For instance, if it's a simple matter of re-downloading purchased movies or re-ripping DVDs it may be worth saving the money.  <comment99214> @EmmEff If I could down vote that comment, I would. Of course I know that it should exist in two places. I just barely finished copying my movies and tv shows over and purchased an additional drive as a backup. I was planning to back up everything. <comment99216> Sorry for pointing out the obvious. I removed the comment. <comment99222> @zwerdlds I tried Disk Utility and Disk Warrior. Neither made any difference. I trie copying one of the files to another drive but it still won't open. <comment99227> I used Disk Utility without success. I have and used Disk Warrior as well. The more I look at the files they seem to be corrupted...like bits and pieces are scrapped together.