How can I drag and drop transfer a playlist of songs using home sharing? <body> It's easy to browse a list of songs using home sharing and import all the songs that are "not in my library".   strongOnce that is done, is there an easy way to get the same playlist on the new library?/strong   There is no option to import a playlist. You can drag a playlist from another computer to one of yours. But that would end up copying all songs again and creating duplicates.  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/AB5CH.jpg" alt="enter image description here"  I ended up using Screen Sharing to export that playlist as strongemFile - Library - Export Playlist.../em/strong, choosing XML format, then saving it to the desktop of the current mac. From there, it imported the playlist fine, but I was hoping I was missing a simpler, more drag and drop solution.  emI can't believe I'm actually looking for another feature to be added to iTunes - it's got to be there somewhere./em   Also, I don't want all the playlists - just a few so exporting the whole library won't speed things up or simplify the operation.  <answer21660> ol liCreate a new playlist on your local machine with the same name as the one you would like to import./li liClick on the library that you wish to import a playlist from over Home Sharing./li liExpand the library by clicking on the arrow to the left of the name./li liExpand the folder called Playlists from within the library./li liDrag the playlist from the home sharing library onto the one you have created.  /li /ol  Your music will be copied over into the new playlist.  This method does have one flaw, however.  If you already have some of these songs in your library, they will be duplicated.  But, File  Display Duplicates may help you with that.  Unfortunately, this is the only way to do this over Home Sharing.  Hopefully, iTunes 11 will improve on this, but I'm not getting my hopes up.  <answer89790> On the macbook i wanted the playlists imported to had file sharing set up as opposed to Home Sharng.   In iTunes i went to filelibraryimport playlists then on the other mac i went to the musicitunes iTunes music library.xml file and imported it.  This imported all the playlists in 1 go, which is what i needed to do.  <comment18618> iTunes is pretty dang scriptable. You could probably set up a little script to make your job easier. <comment18645> Hmm - I'll have to head over to Doug's AppleScripts for iTunes for a look-see. Maybe I'm looking at this problem from the wrong angle... <comment40485> Just as an interesting aside for documentations' sake if nothing else. When you subscribe to iTunes Match, all of your playlists are automatically sync'ed across machines. So much so that you can't prevent that from happening. I lost some on-device only playlists after setting them up for iTunes Match :(. <comment75264> On iTunes 10.6.3 it appears you can just drag the playlist from the sidebar onto the new library and it does the correct copy. Huzzah! <comment247179> Two things - this doesn't use Home Sharing and requires me to move the one file over. Both are small potatoes. The big problem is that the library from which I'm bringing the playlist has over 400 playlists, so the effort to clean the 399 unwanted playlists makes this a sledge hammer approach. I would expect this to work in more reasonable library sizes, though. Cheers and +1