Cannot sync apps between iMac and iPad <body> On my iMac, in iTunes, I have one app (called "myApp", say) listed on Library  Apps. I want to transfer that app into my iPad. Under Devices  my iPad  Apps, I press "Install" next to myApp and the button label becomes "Will Install", so I expect it will be transferred to my iPad on the next sync process.  When I press the Sync button below, it starts to sync both devices, and right after it show on the status bar (next to the playback buttons) "Determining which apps to install" , I get the following message:     strongThe iPad could not be synced because this computer is no longer authorized for purchased items that are on this iPad./strong      To authorize this computer for items purchased from the iTunes Store, choose Store   Authorize This Computer.   So I go to  Store  Authorize This Computer, I type my Apple account password, next to my Apple ID, and iTunes gives me the following message:     strongThis computer is already authorised./strong      Including this one, you have authorised 3 computers out of your available 5.   If at this point I try to sync again, I get the same message above saying the computer is no longer authorized.   By the way, on my iPad, under Settings  iTunes &amp; App Store, the active Apple account it the same as on my iMac's iTunes.  <answer198266> Rather than try to fix a broken Apple software setup, I shall suggest a third-party solution. I think iMazing (not free) can load apps onto iDevices without the need for iTunes now.  “Need to install IPA files on your phone? Done!” — https://imazing.com/features/ios-app-management  <comment155218> you are confusing me :( did you authorize both the ipad and the imac ? <comment155240> Did you authorize a computer, even though the error message says the iPad is not authorized? ...it's quite confusing <comment155320> Hey guys! I edited the text so it's more clear now. thanks <comment237211> We're looking for long answers that provide some explanation and context. Don't just give a one-line answer; explain why your answer is right, ideally with citations. Answers that don't include explanations may be removed.