Which background process are really needed for a minimal system, here: for correct PDFkit display in macOS Sierra? <body> Sierra runs quite a few services and daemons that are useless for me, not supported by my hardware. So I try to slim down the list of LaunchDaemons and LaunchServices in general.  This worked fine for disabling e.g. any cloud, messaging or push related items.  However, after all this breaking things on purpose as desired I ran into only one annoying problem: Applications like Preview or Skim do not display anything in text PDFs, while images work fine. Skim even displays tables of contents but both start beachballing heavily after quite a while. The PDFs display fine in Adobe Reader and I do not see anything meaningful in log or Console.  Logs for "Devices" in Console are filled up with messages like these:     Preview   the behavior of the UICollectionViewFlowLayout is not defined because:      Preview   the item width must be less than the width of the UICollectionView minus the section insets left and right values.      Preview   Please check the values return by the delegate.   How do I find the necessary processes to be reenabled so that PDFKit based apps return to a working state?  Update1:br Interestingly this situation looks infectious. Certain small PDFs open OK at first and keep this state while scrolling. But after opening a larger PDF, which does not display anything, the first PDF degrades its display quality, especially after scrolling. To illustrate this, left is Preview.app, right is QuickLook preview for /Library/Documentation/License.lpdf: img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/P14Af.png" alt="degrading PDF display"   Update2:br After reenabling everything Apple activates on a clean install the problem persists. It also occurs on a freshly created user account after that. Deleting and recreating user preferences does not help. It has to be a global setting. Prime suspect is now a somehow unhelpful or corrupted preference entry. But where is that stored? Under /Library and /private/etc, /private/folders I do not see anything related.  Since the setting "Use LCD Font Smoothing" in Preferences is now completely without effect:  Where are those settings stored related to the "defaults write" command?  Update3:br It seems quite weird that this looks more like a collection of bugs in Sierra's Preview now and the general background services or changed preferences might be just red herrings.  One bug is that the intermediate scrolling representation in Preview sometimes doesn't get updated properly once scrolling stops. This effect is visible with almost all PDFs but remedies itself rather quickly most of the time.  The worst bug seems to be triggered when using big and complex PDFs especially when produced with LaTeX. One example seems to be this UserGuide. Preview seems to be affected the worst. Closing Preview windows pseudo auto-quits the program but doesn't eliminate it from the list of running processes. Once a document like this is opened Preview.app or Skim descend into an abyss of weird behaviour like in the screenshot above.  On other Sierra systems that were less manipulated than mine the same behaviour was observed, but not always. Currently I do not see which systems will be commonly affected nor a pattern for which PDFs will trigger these symptoms.   <comment373010> What services/daemons could possibly *not* supported by your hardware? <comment373024> On a 2011 MaBook Pro the examples that come most easily come to mind are listed here: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204689. That means coreduetd should not even run, but it does. And writes constantly to /var/db/CoreDuet/coreduetd.db. That's wasteful. <comment373025> That's a technology that's been around since Yosemite and iOS 8.  I'm assuming your MBP is capable of running Yosemite.  Did you turn off handoff in your settings? <comment373028> That is the funny thing: I am on Sierra on a MBP from 2011. The machine is capable of running Yosemite and background daemons like coreduetd – but not capable of providing the corresponding feature. The Airport/Bluetooth card is blacklisted for this feature by Apple and therefore this one particular checkbox is not even displayed in SystemPreferences. Since Yosemite this process is just wasting space for itself, cycles, RAM and disk space for the logs.