Need to close Word documents on Mac Air..I can see no red dot, green dot or yellow dot <body> When I go to full screen on a Word for Mac document, the dots (red, yellow, green) disappear, and I can't get them back.  Therefore, I am not able to close a document.  Can someone tell me how to reduce the page size on a Word for Mac document so I can see the dots?  I've poked around for hours and found nothing online or in the help section.  Thank you  <answer201693> Word is in Full Screen mode. Simply hover your mouse at the top of the window, and the Menu bar will drop down. On the right hand side is a blue double-headed arrow. Click it, and the screen will return to a window.  (you can save the document by simply using the menu when it drops down from your mouse hover, if you wish to remain in full screen mode...oh and CMD-S is your friend (save))  Or, you can just hit ESC.  <answer201696> I addition to @cmason's correct answer, you may find it advantageous to review Apple Support's "Mac Basics - Tour the Mac Interface."  More specifically regarding full screen apps, you will find further reading here: OS X Yosemite: Take apps full screen.  Excerpt:     Return to standard view: Move the pointer to the top-left corner of   the screen, then click the green full-screen button again, or press   kbdControl/kbd-kbdCommand (⌘)/kbd-kbdF/kbd.   One more:     h2OS X Yosemite: Window basics/h2      Switch to full screen In many apps, including Calendar and Mail, you   can expand the window to fill your entire screen.      Click the green full-screen button in the top-left corner of an app   window.      Button for entering full screen Return to standard view by strongmoving the   pointer to the top-left corner of the screen/strong, then clicking the green   full-screen button again.   <answer201707> The same as on any Mac OS since the dawn of time...  kbd Cmd ⌘ /kbd kbd W /kbd will close the window.  It's well worth learning the basics - though this list is pretty heavy &amp; you may never remember them all...  h1Mac keyboard shortcuts/h1 