MacBook Pro won’t boot up after putting the bottom case screws back in place <body> I'm kind new in this world of Apple, and I have an Intel-based Mac that suddenly had the hard drive fail. So I make a Mac OS X USB flash drive, and realize that the old hard drive died since “Disk Utility” didn’t detect it.  I bought a new hard disk drive (Toshiba 500GB) formatted and initialized the hard drive in a PC—because without Mac OS X installed the system doesn’t recognize it—and for the first time I put all the screws like a new installation. But I was surprised he hard disk drive was not recognized. I took it out and checked in a PC, the hard disk drive still works perfectly, reformatted and re-initializes the GTP.  For the second time—just for a test—I left the screws out and streched the flex cable to the outside of the Mac to allow the hard drive to work outside the system and booted from the installation USB and it works! I installed the Mac OS X  and everything is fine until I put everything back in place—hard drive screws, bottom cover and screws etc…—turn on the Mac and it hangs on Apple logo. I restared it, and then the circle with a slash. Booted from USB flash drive and “Disk Utility” won’t format the Mac OS X partition with an “Couldn’t be unmounted” error.  For the third try, I reformated the hard drive, reinitialized the GTP with the PC, I installed the hard drive inside with its screws and this time put the bottom cover but without screws. Everything works perfect, after installation and I’m able to go on Internet, login to the Apple Store etc, everything good.  With that done, I restared several times to make sure its booting correctly, and it did. So I flipped over to put the bottom cover screws with the Mac still on, I installed just two of them for testing: One of the long in the middle back area and the short one in middle front. When I was in the middle of doing this, I turned it over and I clearly heard the hard disk drive was suddenly turned off—just like when you push the power button for several seconds—but the Mac still on and apparently working. I restared and then again it hangs on the Apple Logo. Maybe I wrong about the screws?  Anyone have and idea what could be happening? Why is the hard drive not working when the case screws are installed?  strongEdit 1/strong  After a thorough search, I realize the HDD flex was a little bit shoter and the flex screws are missing, I supposed that the old owner (The mac is used) make a swap of the flex, and if you screw the flex the flex do not reach the main board, but the Mac was working good without that screws for several time.  <comment208959> something is short-circuiting. <comment208960> After a thorough seach, I realize the HDD flex was a little bit shoter and the flex screws are missing, I supposed that the old owner (The mac is used) make a swap of the flex, and if you screw the flex the flex do not reach the main board, but the Mac was working good without that screws for several time. Could it be the missing screws? <comment208961> choices would be - a) get a new cable long enough, or b) treat it very carefully. I'd go with a) for long term use, especially if you will move the device around a lot. <comment208964> So the screws is doing some kind of electrical earth or is just for avoid movement?, definitely I go for a), just for maintainence, but just to be sure if that little detail is causing that big problem <comment208965> Am I right in assuming the computer is a 15" MacBook Pro? Without more information my guess would be the HDD cable that's currently fitted is actually for a 13" MBP (or vice-versa if yours is 13" MBP) if it's not reaching the logic board when correctly screwed in place. As for configuring the HDD and installing OS X, Disk Utility on your USB installer should detect the drive and allow you to partition and format it without having to use a Windows machine for this step. <comment208967> tightening the whole thing down could be either pulling the cable too far to make the connection, or bending it so it doesn't quite fit. It's one of those impossible situations… cos you can't see quite what's happening because the case is in the way ;) <comment208977> @ScunnerDarkly Yes, is a 15" MacBook Pro. I tried, but after the boot fail, the HDD formatting with Disk Utlity fail too. <comment208978> Like @Tetsujin said, maybe is a false-contact caused for bad flex even causing Disk Utility to fail working on it. <comment208985> I'd remove the HDD and see if there's a part number on the cable (a genuine Apple cable should have one) and then look up the part number - I'd be surprised if you currently have the correct one... <comment209233> Ok, I checked the model with the serial number, and apple page say's it's a 13" MacBook! not a 15", so I don't understand, if the flex is already for 13" why is the flex too short?, the 13" flex is longer than the 15" one?