Installing/Setting Up OpenVPN Server on Yosemite with MacPorts <body> Good day all.  I'm very, very inexperienced with VPNs and networking protocols in general.  This may be terrible:  Attempting to setup OpenVPN in delYosemite/del Lion delwhile bridging my ethernet connection to a tap interface/del so that clients will be on the same subnet and can receive bonjour broadcasts.  delI haven't been able to get my client to connect OR create a bridge for the ethernet device./del I've gotten as far as I have by piecing together about 30 different blogs and forum threads, but I'm in way over my head and stuck. Port 1194 (TCP/UDP) has been forwarded from my router to the local ip 10.0.0.26 (my ethernet connection). 10.0.0.25 is also available on this server (My WiFi connection to the router).  Any guidance would be appreciated, and I can provide additional information as necessary.  strongUPDATE 11/6:/strong  I've pretty much thrown in the towel as far as getting this set up in Yosemite. It just doesn't want to work. Also, since most of my desired clients are iOS devices, I've abandoned the tap0 + en0 bridge method, because iOS doesn't support TAP tunnels. I've set OpenVPN up on my Lion Macbook (which is a far less desirable option, because I'm going to have to host my iTunes library on the Macbook) using 10.0.1.27. I'm able to use the server's internet connection from the iOS client, so that's a huge improvement.  At this point, I've set up a Bonjour VPN server proxy using the technique here: https://bogner.sh/2015/02/poor-mans-bonjour-vpn-server-proxy/. Not sure if I should use code_daap._tcp/code or code_home-sharing._tcp/code but I have both set up, and the ports code3689/code and code3690/code forwarded to the VPN server.  Still no love, but I'm going to keep trying. Currently my VPN client is connecting at code10.8.0.6/code and my local subnet is code10.0.1.25/254/code. I'm going to attempt to modify the configuration files so that the VPN clients will connect at code10.0.1.2/24/code and see if that helps.  I've also been trying to learn about DNS-SD and configuring the DNS records through my dynamic dyns hosting provider, but the dns-sd documentation is also over my head. I'm learning a lot of pieces of information, but very few of them are fitting together into anything cohesive yet.  My most pressing concern is getting home sharing to work over LTE, but I'd eventually like to make it possible for my VPN clients to interact with the local network and all the zero-configuration services, so I'd appreciate answers that explain the techniques used, so that I can apply the principles elsewhere.  Thanks again.  strongUpdate #2:/strong  I've gotten the VPN client to connect on the same subnet as my LAN. My iOS client is connected at code10.0.1.6/code.  I've opened up iTunes, double-checked that home-sharing is enabled, and am still not getting the broadcast to show up in the Videos or Music app. After a bit more troubleshooting, I've discovered that my Bonjour proxy plists are not loading.  launchctl: Dubious ownership on file (skipping): com.hogan.daaptcp.plist, etc.  strongUpdate 3:/strong  Fixed ownership on the plists, and a configuration issue on the scripts. The scripts claim that the dns-sd server is up and running, but still not getting any indication that home sharing is being broadcast through the VPN tunnel (not that I have any way to check, except to see that the sharing options are still not present in Videos or Music). The new DNS-SD server names are showing up in bonjour browser, but only have an IPv6 address underneath them, and the VPN client is connected under IPv4/tun. I seem to be stuck again. 