FTP Client with Email notifications? <body> I'm looking for a FTP client that supports sending notification when transfers have completed. Does anyone know of one?  I'd like to trigger an email when files have finished uploading to a server.  <answer73789> While I have not tried it myself, AbleFTP should do what you want. (Successful transfer should be task exit code 0.)  The same company also have a few other applications that claims to have email notification support, such as JaSFtp (link to Mac version broken on their homepage though) and Automize, which seems like overkill if you only want FTP.  I also found Captain FTP, which on the feature page claims to have email notification, but I can't find any information about that in the manual so I can't say under what circumstances it will send an email.  <answer74019> You can also use any FTP client which supports Growl notifications (Transmit, Forklift, YummyFTP, whatnot).  In Growl's (v2) preferences, go to the strongDisplays/strong tab and configure the MailMe action. Then in the strongApplications  Application/strong tab, select the MailMe action for all notifications or, alternatively, switch to strongApplications  Notifications/strong and select the MailMe action just for the notification you want.  <answer74224> Captain FTP has email notification and a free download... not to bad an interface design either.  <comment75333> How about the new Notification center of Growl notifications? Will that suffice? <comment85734> If you're open to command-line hackery, this should be quite easy to do. <comment85815> Does this need to happen for all transfers, or just to a specific destination? If the latter, a script/droplet to upload files and email on completion is doable, but otherwise a full client with this support would be needed (which I haven't seen yet). <comment85851> I'd go with a script but the transfers arent always to the same destination and I'm not always the one starting the transfer... Might have to make a feature request with a developer