Java applications cannot be started or have broken UI, result in zombie dock icons without processes <body> Lately I've repeatedly run into a really strange issue: For Java applications that have a GUI, I get weird, unkillable Dock icons that don't seem to have a corresponding process.  When I start such an application, like IntelliJ IDEA, Eclipse, ..., the name of the application will show up in the menu bar for some time, as would be expected. Fresh after a reboot, the GUI will appear just fine.   Once some time has passed, this ceases working as well, and I get empty windows (with the title bar and OS X chrome rendered just fine, but completely devoid of content, just a solid grey). Applications already running will appear normal in that stage, unless I open e.g. Preferences or any other window that wasn't already on display; this will show up blank as well. Buttons and the like can still be (blindly) used via the keyboard, they just don't get rendered anymore.  If I try again after some more time has passed, no GUI appears at all and the application quits instantly. I tried starting a small test application with a single JFrame from a shell and got this exception:  precodeException in thread "AWT-EventQueue-0" java.lang.NullPointerException   at java.awt.Window.init(Window.java:497)   at java.awt.Window.&lt;init&gt;(Window.java:537)   at java.awt.Frame.&lt;init&gt;(Frame.java:420)   at java.awt.Frame.&lt;init&gt;(Frame.java:385)   at javax.swing.JFrame.&lt;init&gt;(JFrame.java:189)   ... /code/pre  I dug a little deeper and had a look at the source code from the JDK's src.zip (specifically, codejava/awt/Window.java/code), and the exception seems to be thrown in this line:  precodeif (gc.getDevice().getType() != /code/pre  It seems from the context that codegetDevice()/code on codeGraphicsConfiguration gc/code returns null. the source for the part that sets this seems to be unavailable (platform-specific to OS X). It does point to some graphics-related issue, however. So far, I couldn't find out any more than that.  Now, if the process (like IntelliJ IDEA or Eclipse) has its own Dock icon, sometimes I get just that one, as would be expected. For others, and especially once I get to the "no GUI" stage, I get a plain Java dock icon, which on mouseover says "java", and stays around after the process as exited. This is true even in the beginning, when the GUI itself looks good and works as it should.  The force-quit window doesn't show a process, Activity Monitor doesn't show a process, codeps/code doesn't show the corresponding process anymore, neither any launcher process, nor a java process. Right-click and force quit doesn't have any effect at all.   I can get rid of the Java icons via codesudo killall launchserviced; sudo killall Dock/code, but I just get new ones when I try to start another Java application.  The only way to resolve this seems to be a reboot from the GUI; yet any still-present Java zombie icons block the reboot, requiring me to reboot from terminal; luckily, codesudo reboot/code still works. After a reboot everything works fine for a bit, at least most of the time, but then relapses into the behavior described above.  I'm super puzzled. I couldn't find anything unusual in the log files in Console either. I can't find any pattern behind the transition from "UI looks fine" to "blank UI" to "no UI", I don't remember installing anything else than maybe the latest Mac OS X updates. I run El Capitan 10.11.6, Java 8 Update 102, no antivirus or the like. I did check the disk with Disk Utility, all fine. I downgraded to an old Java 7 that was still on my system from way back, in order to test whether the latest Java updates may be at fault, but the problem persists with that version as well.  I'm a bit stuck now, any advice on how to proceed with this?   <comment315580> Odd, is your JDK up to date? Have you tried profiling to see where it's getting stuck?