Unable to complete registration with Apple to get a Developer ID. "Unknown error" <body> Signed up with AppyPie to create an app for a small business startup.   I was just told I need a developer account with Apple and to register here: https://developer.apple.com/enroll/  I completed the application for a Developer ID and even received my email with verification code. Went through the whole process of filling everything out, reviewed user agreement and clicked "submit". Page freezes up, and when I refresh the page I get "Unknown error" alert.   I am new to the tech world. Have a startup and can't afford to pay someone to build this for me... I need to learn how to fix this so I can create a simple app to get my business launched.  Operating system is MAC OS X 10.6.8  <comment370950> Which web browser are you using and which version? What Mac are you running 10.6 on? macOS 10.6 is quite old, relatively speaking, and the browser you are using may not meet current security standards. To be honest, if you're going to develop iOS apps, you need to be running the latest macOS on a modern Mac. <comment370958> @IconDaemon raises good points. The last version of the Safari browser supported in Snow Leopard (i.e. Mac OS X 10.6.x) was Safari 5.1.10. This browser will not support many of the new enhancements of the past few years in web browsing. You could install much more recent versions of Firefox, Chrome, etc and try those instead. However, the other issue you will have is Xcode 4.2 is the last version to support Snow Leopard. So, assuming you were intending to use Xcode, you're going to have difficulty developing apps for today's iOS devices, and you may need to rethink your approach. <comment370962> before climbing a forklift update, ensure you dont have Ghostery running, or any other form of tracker blocking mechanisms. Been known to break Safari (but only on big-corp sites like apple's) <comment370964> Upon re-reading your question I see you referred to appypie - so perhaps you'll be fine designing your app using their service. :) I would recommend installing a more recent browser to try completing your Developer ID registration and see how you go. Good luck! :) <comment371007> All, thank you for your feedback! I am using Firefox 48.0.2. I'm having difficulty updating this to the most recent browser probably because my MAC is too old. I think it's just time to bite the bullet and get a new computer. I'll start over with a new system and updated Firefox browser, and see if I run into the same issues. Again, appreciate all your feedback.