Conserving battery cycles on macbook pro with new battery <body> EDIT: The first part of this question might be a duplicate, but I would still like to get ideas about why my battery life changed so drastically within 2 weeks.  I have an early 2013 Macbook Pro retina 15" with El Capitan. I got the top case, keyboard, trackpad, and battery replaced the weekend before last. When I replaced my battery, it had ~ 355 cycles on it and it was 3 years old. Back with the old battery, I almost always had my laptop plugged in, but recently learned that is bad for the battery life.  I read that it is best to charge the battery to 80%, then use it until 40%, then charge and repeat. I've been trying to do that with my new battery, but I've noticed that in 2 weeks  already have 12 battery cycles. If I had 355 for 3 years of use, that seems like I am using up cycles like crazy now. How can I really conserve my battery life and not use too many cycles? My laptop is not no longer under warranty, and I want it to last a long time. So what is better, keeping it plugged in always to reduce cycles, or cycling it and dealing with the wear?  Also, when I first got my laptop back, the battery lasted for 8 hours or so just with Firefox running youtube or soundcloud while the laptop was on a hard surface in a normal temperature room. Now after 2 weeks, my battery lasts maybe 4 or less hours under the same workload and in the same environment. Am I doing something wrong?  Notes: I have already looked at Apple's site about batteries here and it did not give me anything about conserving cycles or how far to charge it.  <comment326345> Sorry for making a duplicate question. I did not see that question when I looked. <comment326347> Not a problem.  If the info in that question isn't applicable to your situation, be sure to update your question with the reasons why your issue is different.  That will allow you to get the help you need and prevent it from being marked as a duplicate in the future. <comment326357> I suppose that answer is relevant to the first part of my question, but not the second part. I have updated my question to reflect that. Thanks! <comment326381> I wrote an answer to a different question about batteries that the [answer](http://apple.stackexchange.com/a/259621/119271) applies. <comment326392> Seems like keeping it plugged in is actually the better choice -- that and keeping the temperature normal.