Weird browser redraw error <body> I have experienced this problem on a MacBook Pro as well as on an iMac.  Also, this is not specific to a single Mac OS X version; on the MacBook Pro, I am on the latest version of Mavericks and on the iMac, I was on the latest version of Yosemite (the issue on the iMac was prior to El Capitan's release).  I only have access to the MacBook Pro details right now.  It has an AMD Radeon HD 6670M 1024MB graphics card.  The mac is a late 2011 15-inch with a 2.4 GHz i7, 16 GB of RAM and it is Mac OS 10.9.5.  It is hard to describe this error, so I will show it:  https://vimeo.com/144973699  Basically, any browser (this example is Chrome, which is worse, but it is similar in Safari) will redraw continually is basically unusable.  In the video, I am not pressing any buttons, only moving the mouse around.  The MacBook Pro had a boot hang on a grey screen for which I was able to remedy with the solution found here:  Boot hangs on grey screen (even when booting from USB drive with fresh OS X install)  While I don't want to jump the gun and send anyone who could help in the wrong direction, I believe that there is some issue with the graphics cards, specifically ATI cards.  Both the iMac and MacBook Pro have those cards and it is basically the only similarity between the systems.  I reiterate, it could be something else but this is all I suspect.  Are there any solutions to this?  Should I roll back the Mac OS X version so that older, better working drivers are used?  <comment259241> Could you add the specific model iMac, MacBook, and which ATI cards they have? Also, does this happen any time on the MacBook, or only when using the integrated or discrete graphics card? <comment259243> I just added it up there.  I can't select integrated or discrete, so it is always the latter.  Also, I just figured out that the Displays tab in About This Mac reads spdisplays_display, not the actual display name.  Will fixing that fix the issue I am having? <comment259245> I doubt the issue is connected to display name, though that's possible. Your MacBook has the ability to [switch graphics cards based on demand](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202053). Checking to see if the issue occurs under both integrated and discrete cards would go a long way towards sorting this out