Does minimizing app's windows reduce energy consumption? <body> One could expect that minimizing some of application's windows should give a clear hint to Mac OS X that it's okay to throttle related processes activity even further; but theoretical expectations could face some practical limits. Are you aware of any? Would you recommend actively minimizing app's windows to get better on-battery work duration or it doesn't change anything from this point of view?  <answer270462> Specifically, a minimized window is still a live window so that doesn't affect the system unless the application in question is specifically coded to detect minimized state and then throttle items.  Safari is a notable example of an application that explicitly checks if a tab is visible before rendering some content and updates. It likewise knows about minimization so that can save you substantial energy depending on what specific sites you are visiting. (Many free sites are subsidized by advertising and are notoriously bad about always running analytics code to sell your eyeball time and your participation on that site to advertising partners (google and others) to support their site and gain revenue). Not all sites are programmed to waste energy in the background, though.  So, it depends - sometimes you can save energy by minimizing, but not always.  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/Is1Dr.png" alt="enter image description here"  It's much better to just use the energy tab in Activity Monitor and quit any apps that have a substantial energy drain. From there, you can see what apps are currently a problem and address them individually as opposed to generally/categorically.  <comment339890> n.b. - looking at this I saw that Scan Snap was always soaking a small amount of battery and I just disabled automatic updates. I'll rather set a reminder to check for updates periodically than have that update daemon always running - even if it's 0.2 or less. It should be better behaved and not use any energy unless it's actively checking for an update. <comment339946> "Specifically, a minimized window is still a live window" — who would think so, ha-ha. As to the core point of the Q/A — are you guessing or you know Mac OS X doesn't treat differently minimized-active windows when it comes to process scheduling? <comment339947> "It's much better to just use the energy tab" — this is just non-sense. Better for whom? You're not answering my question, Mike, you're just posting screenshots and tell us the things we all know. <comment339960> I'm totally guessing - I have no practical or professional experience, @poige (Or maybe it's the opposite) <comment339977> professional experience at not answering to the essence of the questions? No doubts. ;)