How to burn non-English subtitles into mkv using a mac application? <body> my smart TV app (samsung UE55F8000) doesn't render non-latin subtitles correctly and there is no option to configure it.  The only way to show non-latin subtitles as far as I understand is to burn subtitles into mkv itself on my mac and then transfer this mkv to TV set.  Can you please recommend a software to do this hard burning?  Best regards,  <answer130474> Handbrake a great application for dealing with video on the Mac. Handbrake can burn in subtitles and create both MKV and MPEG-4 files.  The Handbrake wiki contains more information about what is possible with subtitling:     HandBrake can use subtitles tracks as INPUT from the following sources:      ul   liFrom DVD’s – Either embedded VOBSUB or CC tracks. /li   liFrom Bluray - PGS Subtitles. /li   liUser supplied SRT files. /li   liFrom Files (such as mkv or mp4)/li   liEmbedded subtitle tracks. /li   /ul      HandBrake has two methods of subtitle OUTPUT:       ul   liHard Burn: This means the subtitles are written on top of the image permanently. They cannot be turned on or off like on the DVD./li   liSoft Subtitles: This means the subtitles will appear as separate selectable tracks in your output file. With the correct playback software, you’ll be able to enable / disable these subtitles as required./li   /ul   <answer130479>    my smart TV app (samsung UE55F8000) doesn't render non-latin subtitles correctly   I am assuming this is from your experience, and not a "published feature" ;-)  If you haven't already tried it, Subler is a utility designed specifically for adding subtitles, however it will losslessly convert the mkv wrapper into an mp4. It will not only rewrap, and not transcode, the video to an iOS/iTunes friendly format, it will transcode the audio from ACC to AAC if necessary, and it will optimize the location of the mpeg-4 atom in the resulting file for iTunes friendly use. It uses a friendly drag and drop paradigm. Download Subler, unzip into your Applications folder and launch Subler. Type command-n to begin, and drag your mkv file into the window, as well as your subtitles file, and choose from the simple available options. These will strongnot/strong be hardcoded subtitles, but perhaps having a properly soft-coded subtitled mp4 will allow your non-latin subtitles to appear without hard-coding them. Again, it does not transcode video, only audio.  <comment152949> Good question, I would ask you to perhaps consider rewording though as you have essentially supplied your preferred answer as part of the question, which may prevent people from offering a wider range of solutions.  If you concentrate on your problem, and allow people to suggest solutions you usually receive more answers.