VirtualBox hangs when using host-only network <body> We have these brand spanking new MacBook Pros for our sales staff. We develop industrial hardware and software that we run on Debian in production, so we're relying on VirtualBox. It has always worked fine for our development staff using Windows hosts.  On Mac OS we don't seem to get it working properly when the guest has been configured to use host-only network (required in our demonstrations) and/or USB-C ethernet adapter (painful, but also required for our devices). When starting the guest, it shows that small Starting virtual machine 0/2 popup but that's as far as she'll ever go. Trying to cancel it turns the cursor into a wheel of misfortune and the VBox hangs completely. When all the adapters have been disabled in the VM settings, the VM does start and run normally, but it is completely useless without any networking.  All the other VBox processes can be terminated via terminal/activity monitor, but occasionally the VBoxNetDHCP process just won't die, not even with SIGKILL.  I did try older builds of VirtualBox, and one of them worked straight away, until next reboot, when it started showing exactly the same symptoms as described above. Reinstall didn't help. Reconfiguring host-only networks didn't help. Logs didn't tell anything when I had few seconds to glance at them.  I also have very limited access to the computer (few minutes at a time, at best) and very little experience with MacOS so that doesn't help either.  Suggestions?  <comment350625> What is your output of `ifconfig vboxnet0`?  Is the IP address that is assigned to that interface *outside* your network DHCP range? <comment350754> This was actually double whammy. First, the host only network was fine originally, but when I tried to troubleshoot it by removing and adding it again, using DHCP default values was a bad move because they were absolutely bogus. It didn't show the Invalid settings detected notification at that point, but it was there later (at which point I tried to change them, but VBox refused to save them), I think VBox actually tried to display some error message because for a couple of milliseconds there was some popup on the screen in addition to the saving settings popup. <comment350755> Basically it required that the settings were correct when the network was created.  And the second thing causing the hang was that horrid USB-C-ethernet adapter. It had just died at some point.