How do I build a simple client -server based iOS app? <body> I want to build a simple iOS app, lets say ordering food from a restaurant. So clients will be iOS app users, but how the restaurant people will send a confirmation notification or cancelled notification to the ordered person app..Should I create another app for only restaurant people? Is it possible? I'm just starting to learn things so please guide me what all are the steps to develop a app like this.  <answer237231> Don't create another app to separate the management of the restaurant and customers. That's just unnecessarily dividing it up into two apps which will make people confused.   You don't want confused customers. If I were to find two apps for Pizza Hut, one for corporate use and one for general use, how would I feel?  You also want to make things easier for the restaurant people. Have them be on the same app.  There should be one type of login. From there everyone is a customer. Now people can branch out to do different things. Open a restaurant in the customer account menu. That way, a specific login can become a restaurant owner whilst remaining a customer (in case he decides to go elsewhere to go eat and be a customer). That restaurant owner can also make customers become employees, etc. You get the drill. Everyone starts out as a customer and branches out.  Don't differentiate people into categories right off the bat. It limits what they can or cannot do. Let everyone start off the same and become what they set out to become. In this case, everyone is a customer and knows how to be a customer. Some set out to become restaurant owners and some become employees of restaurant owners. But this shared knowledge of being a customer is extremely beneficial to the basis of your application.  <comment290440> Welcome to Ask Different!  Your question is very broad and can be answered many different ways.  It's best to ask specific questions here, they get the best answers.  I recommend you Google iOS app development tutorials.  There's many sites out there that can help you learn to code. <comment290621> SO the specific login id and password will go to admin page where he can view, accept or reject them and every other login will just going to order things right? But how do I make the admin know when the order has been made from the customers? <comment292103> A fair solution. With that said, there's legitimacy to the need to create a client-server app, and I'd argue it's unfair to entirely discount this question.