MacBook Pro Sierra OS <body> A friend just gave me her older MacBook Pro.  I have one even older that has a disc problem so this was great.  I turned it on, looked around - there was no password required.  Closed it up and went to the older one, then on my iPhone and a Kindle doing other things, now it will not let me log in at all because there is unsupported software on it, including Safari and an Outlook email address.  I have done everything it has asked me to via emails to fix this. Said it could turn off the older software, turn it back on, changed my password on all devices, and still, it will only go to the log in screen but when I put in the most recent Google password it just shakes and goes nowhere. SO annoyed!    <comment347438> Welcome to Ask Different. Unfortunately, as your question currently reads, it's not very clear. Are you able to edit your question (there's an _edit_ link below it) to clarify what happened / is going on? At present it's very confusing. For example, when you say _I have done everything it has asked me to via emails to fix this_, what do you mean by 'it'? And what emails (who from, what were you asked to do)? Another example: when you say _it will only go to the log in screen but when I put in the most recent Google password it just shakes and goes nowhere_, what login screen? And what shakes? <comment347572> @Monomeeth They are probably talking about the input field shaking when you type in an incorrect password. <comment347574> @haykam Ah yes, that could be it. :) But that's the problem here - we're left trying to guess what they're talking about. There is so much in that question that just isn't clear - I mean, the question appears to be about the MacBook Pro given to the OP, but why enter a Google password to log in? (Hence, _what_ log in screen?) And, since the implication is that they can't log in to the MBP, what device are they now talking about trying to log in with their Google password. :( Hopefully they've resolved their issue, or they come back and clarify it for us. <comment347575> @Monomeeth Yep, I can't understand this question either. I think one of the problems is that they are entering their Google password while signing in to the MacBook's account and not a Google Account.