How to make Google Chrome Help not use as much CPU <body> I've found solutions for this problem but they dont seem applicable now in 2017.  For some reason, Google Chrome Helper is using a lot of my CPU and fans are going full blast.  I found this link on Apple's site that seems to help everyone but I can't seem to find it on my version of Chrome.  I have a MBP running 10.9.5.  They mention to go to Chrome  preferences  settings  show advanced settings  content settings (under privacy).  Then click the 'click to play' button under the Plugins section.  However, there's no plugins section and so I can't do this to try to fix the problem.  I'm using Chrome version 56.0.2924.  I don't have many extensions installed on Chrome (just Webex, Google docs, Okta).  I have Flash installed too, which I think is taking some resources but there are times I'm not watching video or using anything with Flash and it's still using 150% CPU.  What workaround can I do with this version of Chrome to make Google Chrome helper from using  150% CPU?  <answer272029> 150% seems like an awfully high number, even for Chrome. I'd recommend disabling extensions and such temporarily and seeing if one of them is potentially causing the issue.  If, however, you find that nothing seems to work, you can limit the resources available to Chrome. Limiting the resources provided is pretty easy (provided you're willing to work with a little bit of third-party software.) You can use codecputhrottle/code to limit the usage at the system level (better explained here.)  <comment342243> +1 for this question.  Recently (within the past month or so) I've noticed that practically every single new site now has some form of auto-play video.  I like to open news articles into background tabs and just read through them throughout my day when I need quick 2-3 minute breaks.  However, having 5-7 news videos playing in the background takes it's toll.  After doing some research, there was a feature to disable plug-ins but, as the asker states, it's gone, at least in the macOS build of Chrome.  I wonder if someone made a mistake with a recent build of Chrome and somehow hid the feature.