IOS 9.3.5 is not downloaded <body> I have iPhone6s (16G) and its current IOS version is 9.3.4. There is 2.6 GB free space on the device.  When I go to Settings - Software Update, IOS 9.3.5 is available for download, but it is not downloaded. It just says "Update Requested" and nothing happens.  Some of my friends have the same issue and some not.  What's the reason and how to solve this?  <answer252284> Here's some basic steps to try to get the update downloading again (via iGleeksBlog).  You didn't mention what you've already tried so I'm assuming you didn't try any of these yet:     h11. Network Reset/h1      One of the first things you should make sure of is a stable network.   If you’re on cellular or spotty Wi-fi, there can be problems when your   iPhone tries to contact Apple’s servers to download the update.      Once you are stuck at “Update Requested…”, it’s best to turn off the   networks on your iPhone and reconnect it. If you are on a 3G or LTE   data network, try to switch to a stable Wi-Fi service before updating.      h12. Hard Reset/h1      If network is not the issue, you can try doing a hard-reset to get the   update working again. To hard-reset your iPhone/iPad:      Press and hold the Power and Home button till the screen goes black   Now, press the Power button to boot the iPhone/iPad After you   hard-reset, check the Software Update page again. Either the “Update   requested” changes to downloading or you get to start all over again   to download and install the update.      h13. iTunes/h1      If you see the “Update requested” for hours after you’ve initiated the   update, and all the above methods haven’t fixed it, there’s probably   only one way of getting the update done – via iTunes. Surely, this   beats the very purpose of an OTA (simplicity) but given that the   iPhone is stuck in the update, you might want to switch to the old   method.      Connect your iPhone to the PC/Mac, fire up iTunes and from the Summary   tab, click on Update. In most cases, iTunes will automatically show a   pop-up that says there’s an update for your iPhone/iPad.   <comment313859> Does the issue persist after restarting? <comment313860> Yes, It is @John <comment313894> The first step worked for me. I switched to another WiFi and updating started. The other steps you mentioned seem helpful. Thanks @fbara.