How can one print a multipage document that is already in the printers colorspace? <body> for printing fotographs I use a script that outputs the images in the colorspace of the printer. I print them using ColorSync where I set Color to "Print as color target". This works fine, but when printing several pages I have to repeat the sequence of opening the image with Colorsync, setting Color to "Print as color target", etc. for every single image. For a multipage document I would like to issue just a single print command.  Is there a way to print a multipage document (i.e. a pdf) without any transformation of its colorspace, meaning in the same way as if I would print it with colorsync, with the colorsetting "Print as color target"?  Alternatively: How can I automate the printing with Colorsync?    <comment360093> I'm not sure I quite understand what you're doing - the regular Print command will allow you to print the entire document at whatever colour space you have a profile for - just select 'other...' in the Colour drop-menu & then save as a preset. <comment360161> Normally, before printing, an image will be converted into the device color space. I would like to prevent this from happening as my images are already in the device color space. Up to now, the only way to do this is to use the ColorSync program and set Color to "Print as color target", but this works only for single page documents. In other words: I would like to print a mutlipage profiling target. <comment360162> ugh, OK. Why are they in the device colour space? Even if it's a specialist high gamut 12-colour RGB printer etc, then life would be considerably simpler if the Mac had its profile available for soft-proofing & print; then it could [& should] stay in its native colour space until print, with a single conversion. You've certainly removed any portability [& simplicity] from your workflow. You've also lost anything in the original that was outside the gamut of your printer. [I've been working on this a lot recently, to get from camera to £200 a sheet prints in the best way] <comment360216> There is actually a good reason: When you create a generic color profile with a perceptual rendering intent, you are taking an assumption on the space of color (gammut) your images will fill. Now, the real images may have very varying gammuts. And most of the time they are smaller than assumed. That means, when using generic profiles, you throw away gammut of your printer and paper. My workflow creates a dedicated color profile for each picture I print. That maximizes the use of the printers gammut. The results are fantastic but the printing is tedious. <comment360219> I never mentioned using generic profiles, nor perceptual rendering. I meant to use very specific profiles, accurately calibrated to each aspect your workflow, including soft-proofing to your intended output device. Then there is only one hard translation to take into account - your final output to printer. Unless you are actually doing your own RIPs, I don't see any other way as really viable. What happens the day your printer breaks? What happens if you need to send a job out to another print shop, for enlargements etc?