Apple Music vs. iTunes Match <body> strongI am a prolific Garageband user, therefore I have lots of my own songs in my iTunes collection, which obviously will not be available via Apple's music library.../strong  I am currently paying for iTunes Match and Apple Music. If I were to quit using Match, would I still get my own songs via upload to the cloud or whatever, or would I only be able to access Apple's music? I'd die if I couldn't stream my garageband projects to all my devices.  <answer218990> Apple has a quit informative support-article that addresses the differences between Apple Music and iTunes Match. Both include the iCloud Music Library witch can store your songs, the main difference between both services is what will be stored within this library:  h2iTunes Match/h2  ul liWhen joining iTunes Match, it matches all your local music using the emsound profile/em of each song./li liIf the song is available within the catalogue of iTunes, it is added to your iCloud Music Library and made available to download or stream on all devices as 256 Kbps DRM-free AAC./li liSongs that are not available in the catalogue are uploaded to your iCloud Music Library without any changes. Likewise they are available on all your devises./li liIf you cancel your iTunes Match subscription, all songs already matched can be played or downloaded open end as there is no DRM in place. Only new songs are not added./li /ul  h2Apple Music:/h2  ul liWhen joining Apple Music, you local music is matched against Apple Music's catalogue using the emmeta-data/em of each song./li liIf a song is available within the catalogue, it is made available on all devices via Apple Music (similar to how you can click on "Add to library" upon every song in Apple Music). Songs can be streamed or downloaded on all devices, but will always be emDRM protected/em 256 Kbps AAC./li liIf you cancel your Apple music subscription, these songs will no longer be playable, downloadable etc./li liHowever the songs in your local library you initially matched against remain unchanged (no encoding, no DRM) and can be used as before./li liSongs that are not available in the catalogue of Apple Music are uploaded to your iCloud Music Library and available on all your devises. I could not find any information regarding DRM or encoding changes for these "unmatched" songs./li /ul  h2Apple Music and iTunesMatch:/h2  ul liWhen both are used, songs are matched and made available as described for iTunes Match (no added DRM etc.) and Apple Music just acts as a streaming service without interfering with your local files./li /ul  So to answer your question directly, your own projects would continue to be available on all devices if you would just use Apple Music.  <comment264920> Nice answer! I had always wondered myself.