Mac Mini Office Network Setup <body> I am setting up a 1TB Mac Mini server running OS X 11 and the latest OS X Server app in my office and have a few questions. This server will serve as a remote Xcode build machine for a small handful of developers (some in the office and some in other states), NetInstall, and Open Directory mostly. File sharing and other services may come later.  I want this server to be accessible without too much authentication to people in the office, and I want to make sure that this server is visible to the outside world but only for those people that have credentials to it (ideally access via VPN login).  strongMy main question:/strong Is my Mac Mini is networked correctly? Heres the setup I currently have:  strongISP Modem - Netgear 16-port Switch - Mac Mini/strong  emAn Airport Extreme is also connected to the Netgear switch to provide WiFi to the office./em  I see the server on the LAN but can not see it outside our network and am not sure what I need to configure on either the Modem, Switch, Server or Airport to do so.   strongMy second question:/strong Our ISP provides us with a static IP and I have added an A-Name record on our website host to use that IP on a subdomain (I don't know if that is correct to do)  I'm fairly well versed with setting up OS X servers (app and command line), but I have only had to set them up on 100% private networks, never so they can be accessed remotely and securely, so I appreciate any and all advice!  <comment304180> Are you using OS X as a firewall?  Personally, I wouldn't.  I would be much better to put a dedicated firewall between your ISP Modem and the rest of your networks with all ports closed except the ones you need.  Then configure forwarding or DMZ as needed. <comment304260> We don't have a dedicated firewall at the moment, so the OS X server might have to serve as the firewall for now. <comment304261> Do you have a old PC laying around?  You can get a Dell Optiplex 745 for $50 or so (ebay).  Get a quad ethernet card (also ebay) and install [pfSense](https://pfsense.org) (free).  Once you setup your domain so that it points to your static IP, you can port forward to your OS X server.