Macbook Air will not connect to Wifi even though other Macs work fine with same Wifi <body> I'm having some issues and I feel as though I have literally tried everything. I am at a complete loss on what to do.   Situation:  I had multiple Mac computers including this one for a while. All working fine with router.  Then I replaced my router because it was getting slow and dated, the new one I got worked fine at first, but then started to drop connection every other day and even sometimes every day. I replaced the replacement router, then my macbook air had ridiculously slow connection speed. It would take google 5-10 minutes to load. But my iMac computer worked fine. I didn't change anything, nor do anything different to either computer except get this new router. The router even managed to corrupt my time machine. So I called up the ISP and they worked me through the issues, so now everything is working fine EXCEPT my Macbook Air.  I have tried starting from scratch with the router, with the Time Machine, I have rebooted all devices. But the internet remains the same. It's good on my iMac, my phone, my TV, but not the macbook air. I wanted to call Apple, but it costs $60 to talk to a someone which is not affordable for me. I am really frustrated with this.   I went through all the changes with my Airport Utility. I even reset my Macbook Air to factory default settings. Still I have the same issue.  What can I do to troubleshoot this problem?  <answer80696> Have you tried going to the Network preference pane in System Preferences, clicking on Advanced, then Wi-Fi, and deleting all the Preferred Networks? I seem to recall having the same problem a few years ago, and deleting the networks fixed it.   <answer116748> With seven years of experience in the technical industry I troubleshooted this error for a very long time and was very frustrated! The only thing that fixed it was this  ol liLogin to your router and reset all settings/li liconnect to your router with no wifi security/li lionce you confirm that the wireless connected fine, then/li lisetup your wifi router with WPA and reconfigure your passphrase/wifi password again/li lire-connect to your secured wifi/li /ol  After doing this I now have internet. I hope this helps. I know this solution makes no sense, but I tried everything on the internet and nothing else did it.  <answer122419> The following are all suggestions I've tried from different sources:  ul limoving preferred network to top/li liclearing all WiFi passwords (including those from the keychain) and reconnecting only to the preferred network/li lidisabling bluetooth/li liforcefully removing network configuration files/li liadding a fixed DNS server/li /ul  What actually helped was to reset the SMC and reset the PRAM. Now the Mac connects instantly to the WiFi. And it fixed the ping delays as well I had (ping times were up to 4 times higher than from another Macbook).  <comment92405> Hey Sam :) What router is it? What year is the Macbook Air? Do all the current macs in your household have the same o/s? Have you tried changing the channel on your router? It could be a possible network adapter (since it's not even letting you connect to the router itself). What band is it on? E.g. A/B/G/N etc.. Also, have you tried to connect the Air to the router via an ethernet cable? <comment146323> Starting over and redoing things is often a good solution, especially with configurations which have a lot of parameters to consider.