How do I erase an SD card before giving it away? <body> I used Disk Utility on the Mac to zero out the entire device, guaranteeing that the data on the disk cannot be read back.  Even this is not ideal, since SD cards have extra blocks on the device, for redundancy, which are not exposed to the computer and therefore not zeroed out. Would it be possible to erase these?  Besides, I'm aware that zeroing out the card shortens its life, so I wanted to check if there's another way to do this.  Perhaps erase each block on the card, rather than zeroing it out? Solid state storage, as you know, requires each block to be erased before being written to, so one could, in theory, mark all blocks as erased rather than actually writing zeros onto them.  <comment138890> I don't know what you mean by "SD cards have extra blocks on the device, for redundancy". Can you give your source for such a claim? <comment138891> Since the block erase doesn't do anything until the block is written to it would be pointless.  Writing to each block a couple of times really doesn't matter, and then you can say you've fully tested the card as an extra selling point.  :D <comment138892> James, maybe I'm missing your point, but I meant to say that if I zero out a block, I am doing an erase followed by a write. When the new owner does a write, that's another erase followed by a write. This is a total of two erase + write cycles. Whereas if I could just do an erase and give away the card, and the new owner does a write, that's just one write. It would mean two erases, though, unless the controller is smart enough to make the second one a noop. <comment138893> It's pretty well known Hugo.  I'm trying to remember the industry term for it.  But most cards have extra space to account for the fact that blocks will go bad (or may have encountered a manufacturing defect). <comment138894> lol Kartick.  Marking the block as erased doesn't write to the block, it just adds it to the 'free pool' it doesn't remove any data from the block until you perform a write.  So you need to write content into the block even if it's all `0`.  And if you're that worried about the longevity of a card that you think two writes might kill it then you probably shouldn't be selling it! <comment138895> Are you sure? That's how hard discs work, but not solid state storage -- you need to do an erase before doing a write. You can't overwrite, which you seem to be thinking of. To put it differently, if you were right, then there'd be no need for an erase operation, which is obviously not the case. <comment138896> Flash based devices can't actually do it in the way you describe although lots of people think they can.  The results of the erase action in an SLC/MLC cell are not necessarily what you'd expect and are not the same as filling the block with `0`.  The controller would still expect data to fill the space. <comment138897> The only way to absolutely guarantee "that the data on the disk cannot be read back" is to physically destroy the card. Considering the low cost of cards, if it's that sensitive, why take any chances? <comment138898> Thanks. John or any other mods, can you please move this to Ask Different. I use a Mac, so I'd prefer moving this to Ask Different than to Super User. Steven, it's not that critical, and I'm not guarding it against the NSA, just against casual snoops. James, are you saying that if I just do an erase, the data is still physically stored on the device? Thanks. <comment138899> @KartickVaddadi - I'd suggest searching on the site, this question has been asked.