Importing a slow-mo video to Windows <body> I recorded a slow-mo video using my iPhone 5s. How do I import that video to my Windows PC without losing the slow-mo effect?  When uploading the video directly to Facebook from the iPhone (from the film roll), the slow-mo effect is preserved (thus, slow-mo effect emis/em part of the video file itself).  I've tried with "Import pictures and videos" which gets the video on the PC, but the imported video seems to lose the slow-mo effect both when playing it on the PC and after uploading the imported video to Facebook.   <answer127441> I asked myself the same question. It appears that the best and easiest solution is to buy the Slo-mo app for £0.69 which allows you to choose the slow effect location but then save it as a normal movie file. It can then be played as usual. Bit of the con this as we should be able to do this within the ios iself!  <answer127445> The slow-motion effect applied to the video in Photos.app is not actually applied to the video file. This means that the 120 fps video remains at 120 fps and is played at this higher fps in Windows.  To slow down the video, use a video editor, either on Windows or on the iOS device (such as iMovie which is free on the 5s) to save the slowed video file.  <answer132140> sending the clip to another apple device using airdrop worked for me  <answer160227> I emailed it to my hotmail account (wouldn't go to my verizon account too big I guess and it's only 4 meg geeze) well went to my hotmail account and worked perfect slo mo and all. then I copied (dragged and dropped to my desktop Windows 7) plyed it from there still slo mo was just the way it was on my IPhone 6 plus.  <comment149350> If that is the case, then why is it apparently possible to upload the video to Facebook and preserve the slow-mo effect? http://www.imore.com/how-record-and-share-slo-mo-video-iphone-5s-including-instagram <comment155305> copy the file to windows after sending it to another apple device using airdrop <comment155309> Could you include your comment in your answer with some more detail regarding how you are intending the user copy the file? <comment155343> The phone reencodes the video to upload to Facebook, and applies the slow motion effect. <comment155420> here's what i did. i sent a video from my phone to another iphone 5s through airdrop. when i connected the phone to windows there was another folder, separate from the media folder that contained the video which was perfectly slow. <comment155422> here's what i do now. i send videos from my iphone to another iphone via air drop and send it back to my phone. i connect my phone to pc and i works amazingly.....