How I get Apple's Two Factor Authentication to work? <body> Unlike Two-Step Verification and unlike two factor authentication in general (e.g. Google Authenticator), Apple's new Two-Factor Authentication does not (by default? by some error of mine?) provide security for devices that are already connected to iCloud.    For example, if I'm using iCloud on my Mac, it used to be the case (with Two-Step Verification) that I could get an added level of device-based security in exactly standard way: certain actions on my Mac that needed additional authentication would require a code sent (only) to my iPhone. But with Two-Factor Authentication, all of my iCloud devices — remarkably, including the one requiring the authentication code — receive an Authentication Code.  Is there a way to prevent this and get Two-Factor Authentication to work like true two factor authentication (i.e: requiring a code emsent to a different device/em than the one that needs it)?  hr  I'd also be curious if theres a way to overcome the additional inconvenience that Two-Factor Authentication introduces: I can no longer choose a channel (e.g., an alternate phone number) to which to deliver the code. Instead this is treated as a special case require many additional steps.  <comment372439> This would be an excellent bit of feedback to submit to [Apple](https://www.apple.com/feedback/).  Unfortunately, we cannot get around Apple's implementation of two factor authentication as it's their service on their cloud running on their servers. <comment372448> @Allan: Ha — feedback to *Apple*? I'm not holding by breath! <comment372450> Voting to close as this has been asked several times before, it turns out. I guess the issue here is that Apple should not call this an "upgrade" or characterize it vaguely as an "improved user experience", but should instead say that's a very different model of security (which users can choose if they wish). <comment372451> @Allan: I think the answer here (which would actually make this more useful and not such a duplicate) is that one can always go back to Two-Step Verification, which works as expected.