How can I find a sweet spot for an iPhone 6 Plus in Otterbox <body> The naked iPhone 6 Plus easily slides into my pants pocket, and just as easily slides out, with or without my even noticing.  I was given an Otterbox belt clip; today, after a week or two of use, the clip snapped from the attachment under surprisingly mild stress, so I only have a working Otterbox, no working belt clip.  The Otterbox itself is largely covered with rubber with a high coefficient of static/moving friction, meaning that it takes a little force to get it into my pocket, and when I pull it out, it pulls/crumples my pocket lining, meaning for all practical purposes that I need to put my hand in my pocket and push enough to straighten out the lining, or else I can't just push my phone down in my pocket, and if I did use enough force, I fear it might rip the thin cloth.  Now I'm just being conscientious about stretching out the pocket lining before putting my phone in, but I wanted to ask if there's a way to get a better sweet spot, having the phone protected and enough friction to discourage unintendedly sliding out of a pocket while seated (and perhaps pickpockets), but still low enough coefficients of friction that putting my phone in my pocket is not an ordeal.  Would something like rubbing the outer rubber with petroleum jelly and wiping it off work?  Slightly separate question: Would a case like an Anker Slim Extended Battery Case, which I looked at, be better for offering my phone some protection (and added battery life) without making itself the center of my attention?  <answer209822> It is what it is with Otterbox. They have other cases (like the Commuter) that have plastic exteriors and they work better for insertion and removal from the pocket. I wouldn't want to put an oily substance on my case as what's left after you rub it off will still eventually find its way into your pocket. Perhaps you wouldn't mind that, but I would.   My solution is a different case altogether. I have tried quite a few cases over the years and have finally found one that I am quite happy with. It is the Apple Leather case. I find my phone is too "slippery" without a case. This solves it. It also has held up well now for the months I have been using it. While I liked the silicone better as the buttons are stiffer, it wore out after only a few months of use.   I like my phone to still feel like a modern iPhone even with a case and this fills that requirements. It allows a better grip over a bare phone and yet it still slides in and out of pockets well.  