Large storage system for highly sensitive digital photo library <body> I need to find a software system that is compatible with both Mac and PC. I have about 2tb of data which needs to be organised, stored and backed up. The most important function apart from a high speed easy to use system is the security. The files need to be encrypted and access to system must be limited. Its not for personal use but for a company. The data mainly consist of digital images which need to be properly organised and viewed on a regular basis.  Any input or ideas would be highly appreciated.  Thanks.  <answer228011> The question is a bit short on details. The answer depends on wether you are looking to accomplish this on an existing Mac, for example, or you are looking for a dedicated device to store the photos. Or for some reason, you prefer not to store any of the files onsite, then you would chose a cloud storage host.  Let’s assume you need a dedicated device. This would be something called a Network Attached Storage appliance, or NAS for short. A NAS is basically a computer, an operating system, and an array of hard disk drives connected to your network. Other users connected to your local network would be able to connect to the NAS and read and write files just as they can on their built in storage devices. Most NAS appliances can be configured to require authentication prior to accessing data.  You could repurpose an existing Mac to share files, or you could build a NAS from scratch, installing a NAS operating system like FreeNAS for example. Or you could simply purchase a ready to use NAS appliance like Drobo or Synology. The choice is yours.  Any NAS appliance with a UNIX class operating system, like FreeNAS for example, will allow you to encrypt the stored files, and easily schedule backups to other local storage devices or to a cloud storage host like Amazon S3.  <answer228019> So as you have 2 TB of storage, you could use OneDrive for business, wich gives you unlimited space for all types of data and not only photos. But since your data is very important to you I wouldnt reccomende you this aproach. I have had a similar problem some time ago with my 7 TB of important videos, photos, presentations etc. and my solution about 2 years ago was to buy WD MyCloud NAS (you can chose one of lots of models they offer, up to 12 TB of storage) like devise and store it all there. WD MyCloud relies on your own internet and power suply, it sits at your home/office... and you can acces any data on it from anywhere using the mobile app WD provides or the browser app.   Hope this helps. 