Mac support for Blu-Ray <body> I would like to buy an external Blu-Ray drive. I have a specific model in mind (the LG CP40NG10), but I'm open to suggestions if anybody has a different one they recommend.  The documentation says that it has "Mac support: Yes (DVD)", but does this imply that it has Blu-Ray support on Macs? There is a new Mac Blu-Ray player software package and tips to read video Blu-Ray discs with MakeMKV + VLC.  Does anybody know if it's possible to read Blu-Ray discs under OS X with this LG drive or where I can find a list of hardware supporting these two software products?  I have a MacBook Pro Core 2 Duo 2.53 GHz on OS X 10.6.8.  <answer55147> For this specific model according to "Allthingstech" (in a comment on web store):     Allthingstech from Corona, California on 06/19/2012   Purchased this for my new Macbook Pro with Retina Display. The MB can recognize the drive regardless what the Lg packaging says. Had to use third party software ( Mac Blu-Ray Player) for playback. (…) So far the drive has worked perfectly with stellar Bluray playback and absolutely no stuttering or lag.(…)   source  And OS X since Leopard can read Blu-Ray-Rom with any drive, the problem is to read protected video (all commercial Blu-Ray).  <comment62929> it sounds like what you're trying to ask is, "Will the combination of THIS DRIVE and THIS SOFTWARE allow me to play blu-ray disks on my mac?  If not, is there a combination that will?"  It eliminates the sense of many questions, and the feel that it's looking for a list of shopping recs (which I know you're not).  Try revising to get re-opened. <comment62963> I found this : « Storeva Slim Burner » on french mac hardware store, but don't want this brand… <comment63290> Can you post a link to the comment, or at least to the page where you found it? <comment63406> Thank you @CajunLuke, do you think "Allthingstech" could be a fake user (but why doing this)? <comment63420> Probably not, it's just good practice to link to sources of material around here. <comment80300> I finally bought this combo model : Asus - SBC-06D2X-U and I can read Blu-Ray on my MacBook ! (This drive does NOT write blu ray discs) <comment119869> I'm using LG BP40NS20 and it works fine with MakeMKV.