What features of iOS 7 are available to iPhone 4S users? <body> What features from iOS 7 are available on the iPhone 4S? Is it any more sluggish that iOS 6?  <answer102199> TUAW posted this breakdown of new features and the devices upon which they will work when iOS 7 was announced:     Panorama -- The photo feature Apple introduced last year will be   available on the iPhone 4S, iPhone 5, and fifth-gen iPod touch. iPad   users are out of luck here.      Square/Video formats and swipe to capture -- These features will be   available on the iPhone 4 and above, the third-generation iPad and   above, the iPad mini and the fifth-generation iPod touch.      Filters in Camera - This Instagram-inspired feature will only be   available for the iPhone 5 and the fifth-generation iPod touch.      Filters in Photos - This will be available on the iPhone 4 and above,   the third-generation iPad and above, the iPad mini and the   fifth-generation iPod touch.      AirDrop - AirDrop in iOS 7 will only work on the iPhone 5, the   fourth-generation iPad, the iPad mini and the iPod touch.      Siri - Siri in iOS 7 has new voices, a new interface and a whole lot   more functionality. Users trying to take advantage of the latest and   greatest from Siri can run it on the iPhone 4S and above, the iPad   with Retina display, the iPad mini and the fifth-generation iPod   touch.      iTunes Radio - Apple's long-rumored music streaming and recommendation   service will run on any iOS 7-compatible device.   Since this announcement, Camera filters were added to the iPhone 4S as well.  The iPhone 4, iPod Touch 5th Gen, and iPad 2 and up models fully support Control Center, Notification Center, and Multitasking.  EDIT: Here's a helpful chart posted by Gizmodo:  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/57VtP.png" alt="enter image description here"  <comment120379> FWIW, I think answers to the "sluggish" question would necessarily be opinion-based.  That said, I personally haven't found it any less performant.  Maybe a little nicer in some areas. <comment120382> just to add to this, everything in iOS 7 is backwards compatible 1 year, so the 4S and 5 will both have all the iOS 7 features as the 5S, minus of course the fingerprint identifier. <comment120517> @samrap I'm not quite sure what you're trying to say. The 4S doesn't have AirDrop, for example, though (as I stated) it did gain Camera filters. <comment120570> @zigg my mistake I thought I had put airdrop in there obviously if it requires new hardware it won't work, is what I was trying to say