Mountain Lion is stuck with "See network administrator" when joining Wi-Fi network <body> I recently clean installed Mountain Lion to my mid 2011 iMac, and ran into a frustrating issue when joining my Wi-Fi network. All my other Apple devices have no trouble accessing the same wifi, except this very iMac. The typical error message is either "See network administrator" or "Connection time out"  I did try to update the iMac to the latest (10.8.2 at the time of writing), and I still can't join the WiFi.   On the same iMac, if I reboot and boot into ubuntu Live CD, I was able to join the WiFi using the same internal wireless card. It leads me to think that something is off with Mountain Lion.   The router currently uses WPA2. I also did a wifi analysis and picked a channel that is least used by nearby routers.  I also spent quite sometime doing research. I cleaned up the Keychain-access, and I removed and re-added the network within the Wi-Fi network settings. I also make sure that SSID of my router has no "-" or any other weird characters. I also reset my router a few times, but it didn't help  The iMac came with Lion, and the WiFi connection to the same router wasn't all the stable, but at least I was able to connect. With Mountain Lion, nada no dice, not even connecting once  I am running out of ideas, and the current workaround is to rely on wired cable directly to the router. Or if I really want a stable wifi on this iMac, ubuntu. Any suggestions are greatly appreciated.   <answer65015> I faced a similar issue on my MacBook Pro with one particular WIFI connection. It was giving me the "Connection time out" error message.  I was able to workaround it by:  1) Removing the WIFI connection: emSystem Preferences/em  emNetwork/em  emWIFI/em  emAdvanced/em  emSelect the relevant connection and click the "-" sign/em  emClick "Show All" or close the window/em.  2) Adding the connection manually: emSystem Preferences/em  emNetwork/em  emWIFI/em  emAdvanced/em  emClick on the "+" sign/em  emEnter the connection settings manually/em.  This has worked for me and that particular connection never gave me issues afterwards.  Hope this helps.  <answer122049> So it turns out the issue has to do with the incompatible router itself zyxel nbg-416n with the latest firmware appears to reject the iMac somehow.  When I switched to another router d-link running openwrt, iMac connects just fine. So the solution was to switch router  <comment76391> Melwan, thanks for the tip. That's actually one of the first things I tried. I went even further by cleaning out all the cached passwords for my network under the Keychain-access. Still no dice. <comment76402> Have you tried changing the channel of the connection from within the router settings? Channel 11 seems to act up for my setup. I usually set it up for Channel 6 or 1. <comment76409> Yep, based on the wifi survey (InSSIDer on a separate working Windows box), I have switched to a least used channel. both 1 and 11 are fairly occupied, so I have chosen 6. Still no go. <comment86378> Does your working account have administrator privileges? If it doesn't, log in as an admin and set up the wifi connection.