Connecting my devices with Mac as the "server" <body> I have three devices : A MacBook Pro (i7, Retina, 2014 one), Xiomi mi4i, and Apple iPad (4th generation).  So my issue is every time I have to transfer and access files, owing to fact that only two are of the same ecosystem, it is quite a problem.  I recently tried using BitTorrent Sync (for about two weeks now). The problem is that it works only 30% of the time , and is other wise very laggy. In addition to this I have tried Share IT, Pushbullet , Instashare.   USB is an option, but my requirement is to use my Mac as a repository for the files, and access as I need. Is there a way I could set up a network between my three devices (by say smb or ftp) and then access files (like the BitTorrent way) ? I did try the share folders option, but I didn't quite understand it correctly.  <answer228004> Try Instashare  http://instashareapp.com  I've never used this nor am I affiliated with this product. I just Googled it. Looks promising. Otherwise Dropbox is always an option.  <answer228020> If you share files from your Mac by checking the box next to 'File Sharing' in the 'Sharing' pane of 'System Preferences' then you need to connect to that share using a client app on your device (like the 'File Connect' app for iOS.) Apple File Protocol (AFP) and Microsoft compatible SMB are the two choices for sharing.  Bittorent is a peer-to-peer method of sharing files. AFP, SMB, and FTP are client/server methods of sharing files and work completely different from peer-to-peer. With a client/server method, you would access your files directly from your Mac.  For what it’s worth, if DropBox is not working out for you, the problem is likely on your end.  <comment277939> Tried it. Didnt go down too well. Fails when required <comment277943> Dropbox works well (in fact I prefer Google drive)... but for large files ... it eats up on my data plans <comment277944> Got it, if you go back and turn on File Sharing, the folder you share *should* show up in an app like File Connect. I believe OS X File Sharing advertises itself on your local network with Bonjour. But the Mac *and* the iPad need to connect to the same WiFI network.