Can trackpad emitting artifacts be fixed? <body> My trackpad suddenly stopped working correctly without good and clear reason to. I've left my Macbook Pro Retina 15" Early 2013 with open lid with only cat in the room for less than two minutes, and when I came back I have noticed my cursor has heavy jitter, so heavy it's almost impossible to do anything — it randomly clicks, moves cursor, swipes to Dashboard and back, selects and drag'n'drops stuff, shows desktop etc. I have managed to turn on 'disable trackpad when external mouse is plugged in', so I can at least use computer inconveniently, but I want my trackpad back.  I have verified this is completely hardware issue by booting into EFI file vault password prompt and using trackpad there — it still jerks, so it's definitely not OS. Then I've waited for 3.5 hours with open lid and powered off machine in case this behaviour is because of liquid (which liquid it might be, if I was the only human in the house?), so it can evaporate and bring me my trackpad back. It didn't help.  Here is 20 sec screen recording of FingerMgmt, showing activity of trackpad: http://armarium.org/u/2014/07/09/08eee8.gif  The only thing that should be there is my index finger (and ocassionally my other finger I didn't notice touching the surface). Huge flashing artifact, which appears when I apply some sort of pressure to trackpad, as well as smaller scattered vertical artifacts, shouldn't be there, as I do nothing for them to appear.  I have feeling that this behavior might be connected with heat – because I once thought it went okay, but after I started playing Minecraft, which turned my machine into heater, it started glitching again. However it might be unrelated though and just be a coincidence.  Just to give some background, I have experience fully disassembling (and succesfully assembling back) Macbooks (Retina and Unibody), as well as repairing A1297 trackpad by cleaning contacts under glued plastic clicker and gluing it back correctly, so it started recognizing "hard clicks" again.  But as I can't afford new trackpad just now, question is — is there something I can do with this trackpad to fix it? Or is it possible at all to fix it? What could be the cause of the issue, if there was nothing spilled on it, and nobody touched it, except cat maybe?  <comment163228> For reasons unknown to us, your Cat might have licked the track pad, so there is your liquid.