Can I put a 1TB HDD in my optical Bay <body> I have a 2011 17" Macbook pro with a 1TB HDD installed and running the latest OSX. I am looking at installing a SSD in the original HD bay for my OS and Programs and moving the 1TB drive to the optical bay. My current HDD location says it has a link speed of 6gb and negotiated link speed of 3gb and the optical drive says it has a link speed of 6 gb with a negotiated speed of 1.5gb. So my question is twofold. 1. Will my current drive work correctly in the optical drive space and 2. Can I put a 1TB in there? Most of the adapters specify up to 500gb.   Thanks  <answer257106> Try MacSales.com and use My Upgrades.  Note that your year model has three different versions.  ol liI did attempt to guess on your specific version. You can find your specific version under About This Mac from the Apple menu./li liI didn't gleam the specific answers to your questions, however it seems plausible.  I'd call them to confirm before ordering./li /ol  <answer257116> Yes.  You can put a 1TB drive in there.  The port that your optical drive connects to is a standard SATA III port.  This is why you are seeing that it supports 6Gb/s.  The "negotiated" speed is the speed at which the device will communicate.  A SATA I drive has a transfer rate of 1.5Gb/s.  So, even though SATA III can go 6Gb/s, a SATA I can't go any faster.  A SATA III port is backward compatible with SATA II and SATA I.  That being said, a SATA port is a SATA port - it doesn't care if you are attaching a spinning hard disk, an optical disk or an SSD.  SATA supports 48-bit LBA (Logical Block Addressing) which means your drive can be up to 128 PB (Peta Bytes) or 128,000 1TB drives.  So, there is no limitation from a hardware standpoint.  I have personally used this model optical bay drive caddy with a 1TB drive with no problems.  The specs say "up to 500GB" but I suspect that since this product has been out for such a long time, they just never bothered to update the marketing material. 