Using Bluetooth speaker and headphone jack simultaneously <body> I can connect my normal speakers to my headphone jack. I can also connect my Bluetooth speaker and it plays great too, But I emcan't/em play them at the same time.  I have Wi-Fi speakers around and they will play fine, but once the Bluetooth is paired anything through the headphone jack is silent.  Is there some setting I'm missing?  <answer101137> You can do this in the Audio MIDI Setup built into recent editions of OSX:  ol liOpen up the Audio MIDI Setup application (located in the applications/utilities folder)/li liOn the "audio devices" window that opens up you'll see a list of devices on the left and a little plus icon in the bottom left hand corner. Click the plus icon./li liClick "Create multi-output device" (on older versions of OSX you may only have the option to Create Aggregate device)/li liAdd the different devices you need to this new device./li /ol  You're done, now you can send audio to this new device as if it were a single audio output.  Extra side note: You can change the name of the multi-output device if you want, something like "mic jack and bluetooth speakers".  Enjoy!  <comment124462> thanks! Worked! Note: you have to go into systems preferences and then select the speakers under 'sound'/'output', can also compensate for speakers being a bit out of synch by checking the 'drift correction' box in the audio midi set up window. Enjoy! <comment135224> I am a longtime apple user and this seemed like a simple and easy solution. However, when I followed these steps it wiped out all of my audio devices and now my iMac has no sound and suffers from a great reduction in speed due to a regularly occurring rainbow spiral any time it looks for an output. As of now I have been unable to resolve this issue. Various message boards are inconclusive on a fix. <comment209793> This worked for me smashingly on OSX 10.10 (Yosemite).  Thanks! <comment288547> Just tried this with the built-in speakers of my MacBook plus a bluetooth headset on 10.11 and got it to work. Will try if I can use two bluetooth headphones...