Network Folder Alias Causing Finder to Hang <body> I've done some research and I can't seem to find anyone who is experiencing the issue that I am in emthe same way that I am/em, and I'd appreciate any help you folks can offer.  strongBackground:/strong br I have a folder on my machine called "Remote Favorites" that I keep in the sidebar of my Finder window. I work for a large company, and we have literally hundreds of thousands of networked folders which different departments use to share files. I don't want to have to follow obscenely long pathnames every time I need to grab a creative asset, so I created aliases to each of the folders I knew I'd use on a weekly basis, added them to the folder mentioned above, and now it's easy to get to any file on any network-drive using those folders as shortcuts.   strongThe Problem:/strong br Yesterday I created an alias to a folder and immediately I knew something weird was happening, because the icon for the folder was that which is normally applied to an executable file. I was able to access the folder using that alias, however, so I just figured that after a restart, all would be fine. Today, however, whenever I try to access that folder Finder just hangs until I eventually get a kernel panic and the system restarts.   Screenshot of the Finder window hanging before the kernel panic: https://www.dropbox.com/s/5bxakezk21i4bc5/aliasIssues.jpg?dl=0  I've tried everything I can think of to remove the folder short of booting the machine directly into the command-line (if that's even possible in 10.10) and removing the file that way, and I'm wondering if anyone can recommend a manner in which I can remove that folder without going that route?   If this is a duplicate, I apologize. I've seen folks with issues where they have bad network-aliases, but they've said that after awhile OSX displays a modal offering to either remove the alias or fix it for them. However, since Finder hangs and OSX throws a kernel panic, I never get that option, and I haven't been able to find anyone saying they have the same issue and/or a procedure for removing that alias without somehow affecting that folder. It would be less-than-fun to have to go through all of the network folders again and rebuild the aliasing structure I have built now.  Thank you folks so much for any help/advice/constructive criticisms you can offer.  