MacBook Pro Fails to Sleep Properly <body> I have a MacBook Pro 17" (late 2009 model) 2.8ghz Core2 Duo running MacOs 10.8.4 which has developed a problem going to sleep which I've been trying to isolate for the past several months. Here is one iteration of this problem: I manually put the computer to sleep (Apple Menu -- Sleep) with the battery at 30% last night and then after a few seconds closed the case. When I opened the Mac this morning, it awoke from sleep and prompted me to put in my user password (battery at 8%) and then rather than re-enter the OS instance from the night before, it proceeded to reboot. In other cases, the machine will fail to go to sleep at all, particularly if I close the laptop without manually putting it to sleep, such that when I pull it out of the case it's blazing hot from running and not being able to cool.  I've tried a number of fixes, none of which has fixed the problem: - I completely reinstalled MacOS onto a fresh partition and then only restored data and documents from Time Machine, so all the preference files were new. - I've reset the PRAM/NVRAM several times, and the PMU several times as well (though I'm not completely sure how to confirm that the latter has been done successfully - I've followed the procedure specific to my mac with a non-removable battery).  Here's my primary question: is there a possible hardware issue that could be causing my problem, preventing the mac from entering sleep consistently or waking up with a known sleep state?  <comment118602> I've been trying to narrow the nature of the issue more fully, and it appears to be the case that part of the problem is a delay in entering sleep. I will close the lid to the point that the reed switch detects a closed case and initiates sleep. The display and keyboard lighting goes off immediately, but the fans and HD continue running for 15-20 seconds. This is even the case if no applications are running, and conversely a shutdown usually takes less than 5 seconds.