How Can I Speed Up The Sending Of Emails from my Mac Mini Server? <body> I am currently using a Mac Mini Server running OS X Server. The server hosts several Ruby on Rails applications using Phusion Passenger where two of them uses a PostgreSQL database. One of these applications has a mailing list database that uses ActionMailer to send emails. As of the writing of this post the application will send 224 emails when we send a newsletter out.  We were using a GoDaddy email address in the SMTP configuration. The emails took only five minutes to send. However GoDaddy only allows 250 emails to be sent per day. They also only allow you to purchase relays 50 at a time with a three month minimum. We were not sure how well that would work for us with the growth of our mailing list. At the rate we are growing we could add 50 people to the mailing list sooner than three months we would have already paid for. I felt that we should visit turning on the Mail Server on our Mac Mini Server.  After getting some questions answered from Apple I was able to get the Mail Server working where I can send and receive emails. However when I send those same emails it takes 30 minutes instead of five. The documentation for OS X Server still has old information from Lion Server referencing Server Admin Tools which no longer apply for OS X Server.  I was hoping that the time to send emails might be the same since the database for the Rails application and the mail server were on the same machine. However in general I understand in some cases there could be some contention with using the same resources. Is there is any way that I can speed up the sending of the emails? Unfortunately Server Admin Tools has not been provided for OS X Server. The documentation for OS X Server is for the most part worthless since they reference Server Admin Tools which no longer exists.  Any help would be appreciated.  <comment98461> Are you sending 250 individual emails, or a single email to 250 recipients? <comment98463> I'm sending 250 individual emails. <comment98464> I don't know much about the software you are using, but I would suggest that this is your culprit regardless.  However, I can't advise you how to amend your processes! <comment98465> All I did was change the email account I use in my application to send the email.  It sends them within a few minutes using my GoDaddy email.  The email address I am using was created in the Mail Server on my Mac Mini Server using the steps recommended by Apple Enterprise Support.  I thought maybe there are settings I could modify for the Mail Server (maybe using Terminal commands) to make this go faster.  I could probably resolve this if I was on Lion Server where Server Admin Tools is available. I am looking at a background job process as well but still would like a solution if there is one.