What are current and any publicly announced planned water resistances to the Apple Watch? <body> General note before getting into the Apple Watch:  No watch, not even a diver's watch, is "waterproof" in the sense that it can be taken to any depth of the ocean, no matter how abysmal, and remain intact, keeping out the water. There was, apparently, one James Cameron whose submarine touched the bottom of the ocean more than 10km down. Realistically, military subs have a maximum depth closer to 1km; SCUBA divers don't go anywhere near that deep and I don't see why someone would market a watch significantly tougher than is called for by the extremes of SCUBA diving.  As regards watches in general, at least in the U.S., there are certain standard degrees of water resistance. No watch is marketed as emwaterproof/em as far as I know; watches are marketed as emwater-resistant/em at the lowest level, and emwater resistant to XYZ depth/em for higher levels. Because this is a static pressure measurement, that's the pressure of just sitting still at a depth, perhaps with the help of a SCUBA tank, and not moving your watch around. The range of "XYZ depth" starts at something like 10 meters (I'm not entirely clear on whether an advertised resistance to 10m lets you take a shower without your watch fogging up), and the "what you can do with it" privileges trickle in very slowly. At the upper end of the spectrum, you want 100+ meters to swim laps; you want 200 meters to use a diving board, which is part of why the general public feels the need to sell/buy consumer electronic watches that are water resistant to 200 meters. You need it for mainstream activity. The alternate measurement of 20 bar is preferred in other parts of the world like Japan, and is comparable to 200 meters. Both basically support the furthest-out extreme in use cases for customers in the general public.  Waterproof Watch case? painted a rather bleak picture for watch success; some of my own research includes people claiming to have taken an iWatch lap swimming without issue and one person said he'd touched the bottom of the pool. Links I've found include:  http://www.businessinsider.com/is-the-apple-watch-water-resistant-2015-5  http://www.macrumors.com/2015/07/14/how-apple-watch-functions-in-water/  What is the overall outlook regarding swimming and the Apple Watch?  <answer198678> We really don't know what Apple has in store for the Apple Watch as far as waterproofing it. YouTube is full of guys who test their Apple Watch to see if is waterproof, they take it down to depths of ten feet and lower for a pretty long time and, though not very useful while underwater (due to pressure, the touch screen won't work also the heart rate sensor isn't always accurate), I've yet to see where the Apple Watch doesn't survive being taken underwater.  I've never submerged my Apple Watch Sport, but it has gotten wet quite a few times and I've rinsed it off in the sink many times, too.  Given that the Apple Watch is almost waterproof today, I think that Apple just doesn't want to call it that for fear that they will have to replace any units that break when taken deep underwater.  <answer198687> To answer your question about the Apple Watch TODAY: According to Apple:  precodeApple Watch has a water-resistance rating of IPX7 under IEC standard 60529. /code/pre  IPX7, according to Wikipedia, means it's rated for immersion in water strongup to 1 meter for up to 30 minutes/strong.   <comment237854> I'm voting to close this question as off-topic because we don't field questions asking about Apple's planned actions. Why not just ask people to discuss how the current watch bears up with swimming. If and when specific announcements are made by Apple - edits and new answers always pop up to correct old speculation or answers that are not correct.