Fixing Water Damaged iPhone <body> My iPhone screen started blinking white is now completely white. Can someone tell me if this is fixable?  <answer99167> Before you continue, make sure you read strongall/strong of the links I have posted in this answer below. The most important link is this one, which indicates that:     If an iPhone or iPod has been damaged by liquid (for example, coffee   or a soft drink), the service for such liquid damage is not covered by   the Apple one year limited warranty or an AppleCare Protection Plan   (APP). iPhone and most iPod devices that were built after 2006 have   built-in Liquid Contact Indicators that will show (as described below)   whether the device has been in contact with water or a liquid   containing water.   hr  h2The Solution Everyone Does/h2  Everyone that I hear who drops their phone into water (either submerged into the toilet or onto their screen) does something like this:     I immediately but the phone in a bag of rice for 4 days. When I took   it out I tried to turn it on but nothing. Then I tried plugging it   into my computer and nothing happened as well. I left the phone plugged   into the computer for about half an hour then all of a sudden the   computer recognized my phone. I then plugged my phone into an outlet   and it made the charging sound. I thought my phone was going to be   okay but then suddenly I realized that my screen was not coming on.   You have to turn the phone at a certain angle to see a part of   the screen. The strange part is the touchscreen still works.   Bottom line is, there is a 95% chance you won't be able to fix it. But try this, and you may be able to get it working at least partially. strongMake sure you take it an Apple Store first for advice. They may be able to let you replace it or at least charge a (somewhat) small fee/strong.  h2Other Important Information Regarding Water Sensors/h2  Apple has water damage sensors in their phone and if it is completely submerged, they will not replace your phone (probably). Submerging it into alcohol (see below) strongWILL/strong trigger these sensors. Also, if your phone was completely submerged, the sensors would have already triggered. strongSee this for complete information./strong  h2Risky Solutions/h2  I'm going to list some solutions you can try (strongat your own risk/strong). These are from people who have had similar issues as yours.     The water probably has left some minerals behind that is stuck in   crevices, causing the instability. You'll want to wash out the   residue. Get isopropyl alcohol, nothing below 95%, if you can even get   99% it would be best. Simply set your device into it completely   submerged for 15 minutes. Set back into rice for a night or two. The   alcohol will wash and push out the minerals left behind and the rice   will facilitate by absorbing it out.   strongSource/strong: iPhone Water Damaged Screen 