If I delete Clash of Clans on one iPad, and download it on another using the same Apple ID, will it save my progress? <body> I just bought a new iPad and I’m wondering if I can move Clash of Clans from the old to the new and save the progress. I spent a fair bit of money into it and I don't want to lose it.   <answer93093> Game center is the best way try it out ok hope this help  <answer93106> It doesn't look like you can strongtransfer In-app purchases between devices/strong:  http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4009     Subscriptions and replenishable In-App Purchase cannot be transferred   or synced to another iOS device. Non-replenishable In-App Purchases    and auto-renewing subscriptions can be transferred to another iOS   device authorized with your iTunes Store account. For example, if you   transfer a game from an iPhone to an iPod touch, only the game levels   will sync over, the extra ammo and experience points will not be   transferred.   strongRe-downloading In-App/strong purchases for free depends on the App:     If you lose your In-App Purchases because apps were accidentally   deleted, or if you had to restore your device without a backup, you   may be able to download some of your in app purchases again for free.   Not all In-App Purchases are eligible for free download again.      Replenishable In-App Purchases and subscriptions cannot be downloaded   again for free, and must be repurchased. Examples include but are not   limited to: extra ammo, additional health, extra experience points, or   other one-time services.  Non-replenishable In-App Purchases and   auto-renewing subscriptions can be downloaded again for free. Examples   include: bonus game levels, a map/city guide, a daily news   subscription, or other recurring services.  To download an In-App   Purchase again, you must download it from within the installed app   using the same iTunes Store account name for the original In-App   Purchase.   <answer97250> Extracted from the Clash of Clans FAQ:     strongCan I continue my game on a new device?/strong      Yes you can, but it requires the use of GameCenter. The only way to transfer your account to a new device is to have the original village linked to a Game Center account. Login to that Game Center account on your new device and you will prompted to load your previous village.    This post has some helpful instructions on setting up your game on a new device.  <comment109345> Trying it out and then see it working will not really help the asker. How do you propose he should proceed without running the risk of losing progress data?