OS X internet recovery older version problem <body> I am using Macbook Pro Mid 2012 13" with 128GB SSD.  The latest installed version of OS X was El Capitan which crashed during a Sierra upgrade.  Internet recovery mode worked somehow to land me to install download and install a new OS but it's Mountain Lion, which came installed when I bought the Macbook few years back However, it's rejecting to install on current SSD drive as shown in pic.   I have another 320GB HDD, so is this the only way to reinstall?  First I do a fresh install of Lion on the external HDD?  What I should I do?   What is a  step by step procedure as all I want to do is run OSX on SSD drive but keeping all my older data. I can not afford to wipe it.  However,  I did back up some of its backup onto my PC. If I install Lion the HDD can I then download Sierra and create an install disk to update/fix/install corrupted OS X on SSD?  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/BKnjol.jpg" alt="enter image description here"  <answer287626> I'm coming a little late to this party, but I have info that I think is useful.  First, when you buy a new Mac, Recovery has the same version of the OS.  If you install a later version (say, installing Sierra over El Capitan), then it emis possible/em that the Recovery partition will be updated, depending on how the update is installed.  Here's how it works.  ol liIf you're installing the new OS on your current boot drive, Recovery will be updated./li liIf you're installing the new OS on any drive other than your current boot drive, a recovery partition will emnot/em be updated./li /ol  If you boot from your Mac's internal drive, then run Install Sierra to update that drive, Recovery gets updated.  If you boot from your Mac's internal drive, then run Install Sierra to install Sierra on any other drive, Recovery does not get updated.  If you boot from any other drive (like a flash drive or external hard drive), then run Install Sierra to update your internal drive, Recovery does emnot/em get updated.  If you use Disk Utillity to repartition a drive with a single volume, then install macOS on that volume, it won't get Recovery at all -- the recovery partition won't even exist!  Fortunately, creating (or update) a Recovery partition is easy.  Just boot to the drive lacking a current Recovery partition, and re-install macOS. It won't screw your existing existing install or apps, but it emwill/em update Recovery, and even create the partition if it's missing.  <comment321118> If you don't mind wiping the 320GB HDD, use that to install Lion, boot there, using your Apple ID and through the App Store, download El Capitan or Sierra.  Then you can do your install/upgrade.  Also, the next time you run Internet Recovery, you should be presented with the latest OS you installed. <comment321124> @Allan, You said, "_Also, the next time you run Internet Recovery, you should be presented with the latest OS you installed._" and unless things have changed, and I do not believe they have, Internet Recovery (Option-Command-R) installs the version that originally came with your Mac, not the latest OS you installed. <comment321126> @user3439894 - My iMac came with Mavericks.  I upgraded to Yosemite then El Capitan.  When I did IR when my HDD died, it installed El Cap.  Why would IR downgrade you and leave you in the spot where the OP is if it *didn't* install the latest OS? <comment321128> @Allan, According to [About macOS Recovery](https://support.apple.com/HT201314) which used to be called About OS X Recovery, I quote "macOS Internet Recovery (Option-Command-R) installs the version that originally came with your Mac.". So I'm going with the official documentation until there is more then one user saying it installs the latest you installed. <comment321137> Future lies in future, may be in next 6 months , I change my macbook , right now, I guess I should install Lion on 320GB HDD, upgrade it to Sierra and then move all files from 128 GB SSD to 320GB HDD and then, I wipe 128GB and create a clone of 320GB HDD into 128GB SSD( if I can create and it can work , can it ? ) and then I keep 320GB as a backup drive, if something goes wrong again with my SSD , I know where to get it. how does it sound ? if this is good then ,I may need to find a good tool (free or paid) can create a clone drive for mac <comment321364> Hello, I installed Lion and then Sierra on external drive today , this HDD  working on USB port really well but when I want to use this drive as a primary drive and connect it internally it also not working , so is there any difference between external drive os and internally drive os x , or may be my internal SATA cable is damaged , in any case any internal connected drive is not working. but here is another strange thing, internal drive SSD was not showing up as an storage but I can see its name into SATA express listing under system preference. <comment363202> The question is **not** about the version of the (internet) recovery partition system but the version of the system installed by the utility "Restore OS X (or macOS)..." in Internet Recovery Mode!