Uploading Photos to iCloud on iPhone 4 <body> My iPhone 4 has many photos. I would like to have them all uploaded to iCloud, but I don’t have an option to enable iCloud Photo Library.  How can I upload all my photos to iCloud?  <answer291500> The iPhone 4 is limited to iOS 7.1.2, which does not support iCloud Photo Library.  If your iPhone gets backed up to iCloud, then your photos are in iCloud, although you cannot view them at iCloud.com, or from another Apple device.  If you want your photos synced to iCloud Photo Library so that they can be viewed from iCloud.com and from other Apple devices, you will need to backup your iPhone, upgrade to a newer iPhone that supports at least iOS 8, and restore your backup onto that new iPhone. From there, you can enable iCloud Photo Library and sync your photos across all your Apple devices.  Another option is to export all your photos to a computer, then upload them to iCloud through a web browser at iCloud.com. To do this, plug your iPhone into your Mac, then press kbd⌘ cmd/kbd kbdspace/kbd and enter codeImage Capture/code. Select your iPhone, the photos you want to codeImport/code onto your Mac, and a folder. Do note that this is a manual process you would need to repeat on a regular basis.  The easiest option would be for you to upgrade to a new iPhone and use iCloud Photo Library.  <comment367970> Instead of the hardware model, can you please specify the iOS version you are using? <comment368078> Many thanks. The iOS version is, of course 7.1.2 (on my existing iPhone 4).The advice is clear and clearly helpful. But it's much more practical for me to use the second option rather than at this point upgrade the iPhone. So all I now need to know or find out is, how to export the iPhone 4 photos to my iMac? <comment368079> I had already updated my answer with steps for importing your photos onto your Mac  <comment369743> @PeterWhite I don’t know if you got a notification of my response, but I updated my answer with steps for exporting your photos to your iMac.