Reinstalling an iOS app with a forgotten PIN code <body> A user of my app turned on the app PIN code security feature and then forgot her PIN. She deleted the app from her iPad but, when she re-installed it from the App Store, the PIN was still required and she couldn't get past the lock screen.  I tried installing the app on my wife's iPhone and set up the PIN code. I then deleted it in her iTunes account and synced her phone with iTunes so it was deleted in both places. Then I re-installed from the App Store. No help! When the app opens, the PIN was still required to continue.   Is there a way to clear the PIN code requirement once an app has been deleted so it won't be required after re-installation?  This isn't the first time that a user forgot the pincode and was locked out of the app so any help will be greatly appreciated.   <comment229950> Sounds a bit like when they forget the parental controls passcode - for that you need to wipe the device & set up as new. <comment230089> What is the name of the app? <comment230162> I incorrectly used the term "passcode" in my original description of the problem. The user has forgotten the PIN code. When the app opens, the PIN is required to continue and the PIN is required even after deleting the app and reinstalling it. That means that she can never use the app again unless she can get around the PIN code option. <comment230174> Where is the PIN stored? <comment230177> Also, I may not understand why this type of app even *needs* an optional PIN, but what about providing an updated version which allows a user to reset the PIN? <comment231228> The programmer says, "We are using KKPasscodeLock which is primarily used for giving us the UI for setting the passcode, and it does store in the iOS keychain. The trick here is that the keychain persists between app installations (unlike all other user data) which is why the user is unable to reset it with a reinstall. While that is "default" iOS behavior, it would probably be better for us to manually delete the keychain entry on reinstall to prevent this kind of situation from happening in the future."