Copying 1 GB folder resulted in Disk Not Ejected Properly, Device not configured <body> Question was going to be:  Why does my internal hard drive freeze up when I try to copy large files?  Found answer to my own question and posting here to help anyone else with similar issues.  I was experiencing similar error messages as those described here: Copying to external USB drive in Mac OS X 10.8.2 yields &quot;Device not configured&quot; and hard lock and similar symptoms as those described here:  New Seagate hard drive freezes MacBook Pro.  In my case, I was setting up a late 2011 MacBook Pro to dual boot OS X El Capitan and Windows 7 Professional.  Everything was going smoothly until I tried to copy a Boot Camp 5.1.5621 folder, approximately 1.25 GB, from my Seagate internal hard drive in an optical caddy onto a USB stick.  In OS X, the copy operation halted after about a minute and I saw two error windows pop up:  Disk Not Ejected Properly. Eject "Seagate_1863GB" before disconnecting or turning it off.  Error!  An error occurred.  Device not configured. source:  [Long path to a file on the internal hard drive] destination:  [Long path to where the file was supposed to copy]  Everything started running super-slow and the Seagate icon disappeared both from El Capitan's desktop and from Disk Utility.  I rebooted and tried again.  The glitch happened again, about 30 seconds into the copying, at a different file than the last time.  Once again, the Seagate icon disappeared from the desktop and from Disk Utility.  I tried different USB sticks from Sandisk, Toshiba, and PNY and different USB slots.  No change.  The error message kept appearing.  I rebooted into Windows and tried from there.  The copy operation froze up with no error message.  The copy operation showed the copy speed steadily declining, approaching zero.  The Seagate icon disappeared from the Computer folder and from Windows Disk Management.  The mouse started hesitating and moving in jerky fits and starts, and keystrokes seemed to bunch up in memory before all appearing on the display at once, several seconds later.  The MacBook Pro seemed to be struggling to keep up.   I swapped the hard drive in the caddy with a backup, a nearly identical Samsung Seagate model ST2000LM003 hard drive (2 TB, 6 GB/s, 32 MB cache) with the same file contents.  The only difference was that I had formatted one drive HFS+ and the other NTFS.  (I'm using Paragon file system drivers to see HFS+ in Windows and NTFS in OS X.)  I encountered the same copying problem with the NTFS drive.  However, when I installed either hard drive in an external USB enclosure, the problem did not occur.  I could quickly copy the 1.25 GB Boot Camp folder in both OS X and Win 7 (much faster in OS X for some reason).  Finally I discovered that the source of the problem was my caddy, which fit perfectly in the MacBook Pro but which I had originally purchased for an HP laptop.  I bought a new caddy from Ifixit's MacBook Pro page and haven't experienced the problem since.  Just to be sure, I ran Chkdsk /f/v from Windows, Disk Warrior from OS X, /sbin/fsck -fy from OS X single-user mode, and compared source and destination folders using Araxis Merge synchronization software.  The drives are error free and the source and destination folders are identical. 