How to get GMail default inbox tabs (primary, social...) in Mail (Yosemite) <body> I'm using the default GMail inbox, where emails are magically filed under the proper tab: strongPrimary/strong, strongSocial/strong, strongUpdate/strong and strongForum/strong.  In Mail on OS X Yosemite (10.10) however, all end up in the Inbox.  I can see my custom labels (I use several) under "Google" in the left panel. Under Mailboxes, I have of course the standard Inbox, Drafts, Outbox... But the GMail tabs appear nowhere, not even as folders.  I could maybe create rules on GMail that would match the tabs, e.g. if this is a "Social" email, then add a label "Social", but this seems clumsy.  Is there an easy/elegant way to enable it?  emEDIT/em  You can follow the instructions from this page (too long to reproduce them here). It boils down to creating server filters for each category (=tab), in order to archive the email from your inbox and apply a label on it. Then, it will show nicely in OSX Mail. Some caveats though:  ul liThe search function in Mail does not work on all folders at once/li liYou lose the small tab counter, telling you for instance you have 3 new emails in Social. The counter resets itself as soon as you hit the tab in Gmail. Not in OSX Mail/li /ul  <answer157496> Gmail works on a system of "labels", which is represented in IMAP (a protocol used by email clients to talk to email servers) with traditional folders.  The "tabs" you are referring to show up as "category:social", etc. in the search bar in Gmail when you click on them. There is no representation in Gmail's IMAP server for these categories, therefore Mail (and any other email client) is unaware of them.  Short answer: no.  <answer267167> This is an old thread, but this should help anyone who runs across this question. You can use the MailTags plugin for Apple mail. This post gives a good recipe for syncing not only labels but also categories (the tabs) in Google mail with Apple Mail.  <comment185202> Thanks. I think I once read (can't find it no more) that someone mocked the GMail tabs by creating GMail rules. He would add a label 'Social' to anything in the Social tab, making it visible as a folder in OSX Mail. It might work this is too much hassle IMO. <comment185278> Yes you can use Filters to automatically label messages. Spending a couple minutes to set up the filters one time seems like it would be worth it to me if you really desire your emails being labeled that way in Mail, but that's just me. :) <comment185368> Well I'm not sure you'll get the complete feature. In GMail, you can move a mail from one tab to another and Google will remember to put future similar emails in that tab. Not going to work from Mail. Granted, I don't do that often, so indeed it may be a suitable solution. <comment335193> Welcome to Ask Different!  Just a pointer to help you craft good answers...it's preferable if you summarize the details from your link in your answer.  Links often go stale making the answer useless.  If you highlight the salient points, your answer will be relevant regardless of what happens to the external link. <comment358122> Similar question: https://superuser.com/questions/719677/how-to-use-gmail-tabs-with-imap/926931