OS-X 10.8.3 update High frequency noise problem <body> Edit#2: I read up a lot on this issue and it seems to be an old one. Anyway, long story short get Quietmbp (which is the one I'm using from now on) or Magic Noise Killer (which didn't work for me), or open photobooth.   EDIT1: When I open photobooth, the volume of the noies goes down...very strange!   I'm sitting on a macbook aluminium model late 2008, updated to ML everything worked fine, but then this morning Apple held a gun to my head and forced me to update to 10.8.3 so I did. and now noise problems has arisen.   I just updated to 10.8.3 today and the moment after restarting I noticed high frequency noises appearing from around the cable/power input. I've upnplugged the cable, still noise. Restarted, still noise. Shut the screen to put CP to sleep, open, still noise. I think it's related to the update. I've searched a bit and this problem seem to have arisen with Lion, but since 10.8.3 is very fresh I want to make it known that it too has the same high frequency noise problem.   BTW, the volume of the noise is extremely low but noticeable. And it sounds like electronics and not something mechanical (like a fan or something).   Also when I go to the apple menu to put the computer to sleep: as soon (like milliseconds) as I press "sleep" the noise stops, and the screen go black, but the computer of course is still running for a couple of more seconds, therefore I suspect some electronics related to the screen. But I still think it has to do with the update,  Thus to conclude: I think the update messed up something related to the electronics (possibly related to the screen).   I think this article discusses something similar to my problem.   I post this here because Apple needs login and stuff I can't recall for the life of me.   Thanks for any reply or solution advice.   <comment99447> Perhaps mention what computer you are using. <comment99449> You're right, I just edited. <comment99494> and it is not the cooling fan? <comment99516> Try to reset the SMC. SMC problems can cause issues with the fans: http://support.apple.com/kb/ht3964 <comment99538> It's high frequency but extremely low in volume...a normal user wouldn't probably even notice it, but I'm sensetive to sound so I hear it. I don't think it's the fan because it sounds like electronics and not something mechanical. <comment99542> I reset SMC: didn't help. <comment99714> Take it to the Genius Bar. I doubt 10.8.3 caused this. It is almost certainly a hardware issue and they should be able to help isolate the cause for free.