How can I make applications on OSX open new windows in the same space when opening a file from Finder? <body> OSX 10.8. Pretty simple. Right now when I open a file through Finder, if the filetype is set to be open by application Y, oftentimes OSX finds a space that has an open window of Y, and sends the file into that window in that space. What I want though is, when I open the file, I want a new window for that file, and in the same space.  Per this question, I know that there is a workaround explicitly for Chrome, which is great; ditto this for Finder. But I want this setting to be system-wide. E.g. I want to open a new txt document through finder and have MacVim open a new window with the file in my current space (as it would if it were launching for the first time) rather than locating an open window in a separate space and pulling the file into a tab in that window.   Note, I do have my settings set so that switching to an application does not switch to a space with an open window for that application, which works correctly, but when the application launch takes place through a file opening rather than via the cmd-tab switcher, it still does the find-an-open-window-even-if-in-another-space thing.  Note again, there are two issues here--  ol liI don't like that it switches spaces/li liI don't like that it opens the file in an existing window rather than in a new window/li /ol  --and I don't see how you can solve one without solving the other; but it'd be great if either or both could be solved.  <answer94769> Does setting the assign to Desktop:none; work for you.  You can do this from the Applications Dock menu.  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/o4eLz.png" alt="enter image description here"  <answer99603> Disable the option under System Prefs - Mission Control - When switch to an application, switch to a space with open windows for this application  for some application this will not work, because some apps like TextMate open new documents in a new tab, but I’m pretty sure these apps have own options to prevent this!  <answer187956> I think I finally got a fix, for Microsoft Word (and presumably other Office apps too): Make sure you have a Word window open in all workspaces... of course, you can make the window really, really tiny and pushed away into a corner.   This also helps with the jump to another workspace with an open window when you close "the last" (actually useful) window on a workspace. This is on Mavericks.   A fully minimised (docked) window doesn't seem to do the job, though.  <answer289149> You can go to Mission control, and uncheck the 'when switching to an application, switch to a space with open windows for the application' option.  <comment111595> Unfortunately no. All the aforementioned applications are already assigned as such. <comment116476> What kind of applications are you using? Apple's document based applications open a new window when you double click a document in finder, they never reuse the window of an already open document. <comment116607> This is a pretty natural request. Most users want to open a new window exactly where they are already working. If one is looking at a given organised space this usually is not an error but where one wants to work right now. <comment116614> @rsanchezsaez In fairness not Apple-authored apps, e.g. Chrome, MacVim, etc. But I've observed a similarly frustrating behavior with the Finder, in which certain ways of instigating the opening of a folder that I have open in another space takes me to the displayed folder in the other space, rather than opening a new Finder window in the current space to display the folder. (I can't right now remember exactly what causes that to happen, but I'll post if/when I do remember. It happened just yesterday and prompted me to offer the bounty but I neglected to note the details of the event.) <comment116624> @Philip Thanks for the clarification. I do not readily know of any way of achieving what you need. A good venue for exploration could be third party OS X windows managers like Divvy or similar. Maybe one of them offers this particular feature? <comment117216> Question explicitly states that that option is already set. <comment365257> OP already said that option is set.