iPad: Using iTunes to restore causes automatic sync? <body> I had a iPad mini(miniA) several months ago, and I got a new iPad mini(miniB) recently. On miniB's first run, when I was asked whether to set it up as a new device or restore from a backup, I chose to restore from miniA's backup and have iTunes to do the restore. Some days later, I find a problem: strongWhen I assign miniB to use a different FaceTime email address, miniA's original FaceTime email address gets lost and be automatically set to miniB's!/strong Also, changes to miniB will be sync-ed to miniA -- quite unexpected.   Is there any Apple official document describing this restore-and-sync behavior.  Yes, I really want miniA and miniB to use different FaceTime email addresses -- and I know of course they can, because my iPhone is using a different FaceTime email address than that on miniA . And the worst way I can imagine is factory reset my miniB then set it up as a new device. strongI'd like to know, is there other solution without wiping off miniB?/strong  BTW: miniA, miniB and my iPhone all use the same Apple ID to access FaceTime service.  <answer79043> I think the only way you could do this is if, after you've synced all you want to miniB, change the iCloud account associated with the device (Settings  iCloud  Account  Enter new account info).  strongI have not tried this,/strong but just at quick glance, I'm thinking it may work. Please let me know your results! If that doesn't work, we can try something else.  <answer80851> I consult my local apple support(Shanghai China) on phone today. An senior support staff tells me that it's true I have to factory reset my miniB in order to stop the auto-sync with miniA. Another workaround is to apply for a new Apple ID for my miniB's Facetime functionality -- which is not desired by me(I just want to only one Apple ID).  I asks whether I can know from apple ID's account portal which of my Apple devices are being auto-synced and which are not.  She says this info may exist but is not published to end user.  <comment91410> Thanks, that may help. But I'm not going to use two Apple IDs for my devices, that will prevent me from sharing iTunes purchase across them.