FaceTime automatic number recognition <body> I have a problem that has been driving me nuts for a long time already. Whenever I turn FaceTime on, the phone strongcannot recognize/strong the correct number that is on the SIM card(number just does not appear, though it appears under strongMy Number/strong in Contacts.  It takes the old number from somewhere that was used with this Apple ID last time.  When I put stronganother SIM card/strong from strongdifferent operator/strong inside the phone and turn FT on, it displays correct number within seconds, gets activated and can be used straight away. I tried to insert strong2 different SIM cards from different carriers/strong and it works like a charm with them.  I also tried every troubleshooting step I could do, including logging out/in to Apple ID, changing password for Apple ID, setting up another Apple ID, restoring phone, restarting, reset network settings etc none of this worked.  I contacted strongApple Support/strong and was forwarded to carrier . The carrier listened to me carefully and I showed them the problem with their card in person at dealership twice(showing other cards working in same phone, but not theirs). Immediately they gave me another SIM with same number, and this did not help. Then the agent told that they will write to technical specialists and they will investigate further.  After few days I received a call, technical team told that everything is OK from their side and that Apple must fix it.  I suspect that something is wrong with SIMs from this strongspecific carrier/strong. Another issue is that I am getting billed everyday for SMS to UK numbers, as FaceTime is trying to activate itself, but does not succeed.  I am using most new iOS software in Apple iPhone 7, I tried also older 5S and 4S, nothing happens with this SIM card. The phone itself is not lock. The carrier I use is the official partner of Apple in my country and sells these phones as a dealer.  How to proceed with this? I suppose there is no another way than pushing the carrier with this question, as nothing can be done from my/Apple side? 