Magic Mouse is frequently losing its connection to MacBook Pro <body> My Magic Mouse is intermittently losing its connection to my MacBook Pro.   First the mouse becomes unresponsive and a few seconds later, a picture of the mouse appears on the screen wit the words "Connection Lost." Then about 10 seconds later, the connections is "magically" re-established, without any action on my part.   Any ideas on what this could be due to and how I can stop this? I have changed the batteries and they are brand new. My software is also up-to-date unless there is a special bluetooth update that I have to go get somewhere.  <answer15738> How old is the Macbook Pro? Is it still under warranty? Have you replaced the hard drive recently? I presume you've gone through the troubleshooting procedures on Apple's support page.  The first thing I would do is shut everything down, ensure the mouse is turned on first, then restart.  I've done a bit of a search on Apple's forums and I found this. It outlines how someone had a similar problem and did a bit of surgery on the Macbook to fix a loose connection.  Not sure if it would be of help.  Of course, the easiest solution, if not the most elegant, would be to purchase a USB bluetooth adapter for $20 or so and see if that solves the issue. If not, it must be an interference or mouse hardware problem.  <answer15754> Are the batteries in the mouse old and about to die? That is what happens to my Dad's mighty mouse when the batteries are about to die and need a recharge.  <answer87268> The battery connection is very sensitive on the magic mouse, which makes the  batteries move around slightly when you use the mouse which is enough for it to loose power. Try tapping on it and you'll see.   When this happens, you need to shake the mouse or open the hatch. This usually works.  They should have used the traditional spring to keep the batteries in place.  <answer200624> I found that just removing the batteries and cleaning the terminals with a paper towel on both the batteries and the mouse fixed the problem.  I think the people who used paper spacers on the sides of the batteries and aluminum spacers on the negative end of the batteries actually just cleaned the terminals by removing and installing the batteries and the spacers didn't do anything.  May be some coincidence but no loss to try.     <comment17125> If you have Xcode 3 it includes a Bluetooth explorer. It will help rule out new interference on bluetooth channels. Adding a wireless phone, microwave oven, or other device that transmits can cause interference. <comment17155> read the question. The batteries that he used were **brand new**. <comment17191> Oops. Totally missed that. I'll leave the answer, anyway, just in case someone is searching and that is their problem. <comment165599> Yes, this is right! The batteries come a bit loose! I solved my problem by putting a folded piece of paper on top of the batteries to keep them from moving down and away from the mouse which causes the connection to be lost. This was to a windows machine, so it's not PC specific, but a mouse issue. The other option is to use batteries that fit tighter - some brands are a bit loose.