Use recently viewed smart mailbox when organized by conversation in Mail <body> I was recently reading about different strategies for streamlining the processing of emails in Mail, and multiple sources suggested a smart mailbox populated with recently viewed emails.  Here's one such source for the sake of example.  I agreed that this seemed useful, so I created a smart mailbox inventively called "Recently Viewed," with the settings shown in the following image.  img src="https://i.imgur.com/3SWgC9J.png" alt="My mail settings"  Seems pretty straightforward.  However, this mailbox appears to behave erratically.  It includes emsome/em emails I view, but not others, in a pattern whose logic I have not yet been able to discern.  That is, I can look at email A, then check the Recently Viewed smart mailbox, and email A appears there, at the top of the list.  Then, I can go look at email B, and check the smart mailbox again, only to find that email B is not present.    I always assume user error – that is, my error – until I feel confident I've eliminated that possibility.  As such, I tried to determine the cause of this seemingly strange behavior.  Here are some factors I considered:  ol liMy first thought was that there was some threshold for considering an email "viewed," which I was only occasionally meeting.  To this end, I tried all of the following, in lots of combinations, to see if I could reliably cause a message to be marked as viewed (as indicated by its appearance in the Recently Viewed smart mailbox).  ul li"Look" at the email for a while.  That is, keep it open and in the foreground for a minute or two./li liScroll to the bottom of the email./li liOpen the email in a new window by double-clicking it./li liReply to the email./li liFollow a link in the email./li /ul  None of these could emreliably/em make the email appear in the smart mailbox – some seemed to work, sometimes, but none worked every time, or even half the time, telling me they are not the critical elements./li liI use the setting Organize by Conversation (View - Organize by Conversation).  I thought that maybe this was confusing Mail somehow, so I turned it off.  This did not fix the issue.  /li liI tried the requisite restart Mail and restart computer, just to be sure./li /ol  Can anyone explain this behavior? Is this buggy, or, as I suspect, am I doing something foolish?  hr  Additional info:   I'm using:  ul liMail 6.3 (1503)/li liOS X 10.8.3/li /ul 