Changed AppleID Password and now iMessage and Facetime get Activiation Errors only on 1 of 5 ipads <body> I have an appled ID in the proper format XXX@gmail.com.  When trying to login to "manage my appleID", I was forced to change my password to a "stronger password" which I was trying to avoid since I had so much attached to that AppleID that I thought I would run into all kinds of problems synching all the new passwords, and OF COURSE I did... ( stupid apple for making me do that !!!!!! )  NOW... here's the problem.. I had to go back on all of my devices and get things all synced up again.  1- iphone, 5 ipads, 2 itouch   I know that each of us could have our own appled ID, etc. etc... but that wasn't the way it was set up when we originally got our products, and when you have children using these, it was just easier to sign them all up under my AppleID.  And I have no desire to go back and change things now, who has the time for that ??  My question is.. ONLY ONE of my iPads ( that has IOS 8.1.2 ) can't get iMessage and Facetime set up properly. ( the rest I've gotten to work now properly )   When I attempt to go to settings, and click on Messages or FaceTime I get a screen that has my Apple ID prepopulated .. the password field is blank.  When I enter my newly change Apple ID password, I get an error   iMessage Activiation  An error accurred during activiation.  Try agin. OK  I can't turn anything iMessage or Facetime on and off, because this is all I get, I don't get the option...   If I access Message or Facetime directly.. I get a similar login screen, resulting in the same error.  I've tried rebooting my ipad and waiting a few hours and trying again.  Still no luck.  I have a strong wifi connection and get to the internet just fine.  I've tried resetting network connections via Settings, General .. no luck.  I've all tried resetting "all settings", with no luck.  It seems icloud can see the ipad just fine, and I can send a lost signal to it.  Any advise ??????  What am I missing... ??  all other 7 devices I got working just fine, so I seem to know somewhat I'm doing.. but I'm stumped ?? Something must have got hosed that I'm missing on this one..   Everything else seems to be working just fine, email, internet, etc. Thank you !!  <comment196091> Check to see if the iPad is logged into an iCloud account. If so, log out & try again. <comment196097> via Settings seems I'm properly signed into icloud with the right appleID and password.  I can also get to iTunes and the App Store with the same appleID and password. <comment196104> Again, try logging out of, then back into the iCloud account. <comment196117> I scrolled all the way down to the red SIGN OUT at the bottom of the icloud settings page.. logged out... rebooted the ipad.. then logged back in.  Again, able to enter the appleID in the icloud section just fine.... but still the same error in Message and FaceTime <comment196118> Another interesting thing... not sure if this helps... but when I do a "reset all settings" in settingsgeneral... when I attempt to set up messages and facetime after that... it will accept my appleID and password like it should.. and prompt me with the list of accounts to choose from .. like it should... then when I click DONE ( choosing both just the one email I want to use.. or once I left ALL of them on the list and clicked DONE ) .. it circles back around to the first login again.. and then I get the same error. <comment196152> Have you followed all these troubleshooting tips? http://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201422