Duplicate birthdays in Calendar but only on Mac <body> I have my birthdays stored in my contacts. As of late I see duplicate entries for each birthday in my Calendar on the Mac. On my iOS devices they only show up once. When I deactivate my contacts account (macOS Server account) the birthdays are removed from my calendar as expected. When I reactivate the contacts account the birthdays re-appear but only once. After a few hours Calendar on my Mac will then show them twice again. If I try to manually delete one of the events I get the error message: "You can't add or change events in the Birthdays calendar".   Is there a why for me to reset my "birthdays Calendar" on my Mac? What else can I do?   I am using the Sierra 10.12.2 and Calendar version 9.0  Thanks for any advice.   <answer269201> I also had this issue once. If it only occurs on the calendar of macOS but not your iOS devices and you use a sync service like iCloud check this setting:  ol liOn your Mac open strongContacts/strong./li liIn the menu bar select "Contacts"  "strongPreferences/strong…"/li liSelect "strongAccounts/strong"./li listrongVerify/strong that all listed accounts are listed only once./li liTo disable an account temporarily, select it and stronguncheck "Enable this account"/strong./li /ol  If you have identified the account that resulted you may remove it with the "—" button on the bottom left.  Let me know if this solved your problem.  <comment338182> Only have one account. Like I wrote, when I deactivate it the birthdays go away. When I reactivate it forst only single entries appear and after a while the duplicate entry then appears. This is for all birthdays btw. <comment338186> Can you please confirm that you have only one account listed in both the Calendar app as well as the Contacts app on your Mac? Also, which sync service do you use? Do you store them on your macOS Server or is this the OS version you are referring to? <comment338266> I only have one calendar and contact account - yes. The iCal server I connect to is a macOS Server (v 5.2). There used to not be any duplicates. The only thing that changed between then and now was that I had to change the password for my user id. I have already tried removing the account entirely (both contacts and calendar) - no luck. <comment339038> a couple of days later - the duplicates have now vanished... very strange.