iTunes refuses to deactivate encryption for backups <body> I have an iPhone 5S which I used to backup towards my old MBP. At some point I moved to a new MBP and I realized that I had forgotten my backup encryption password. Obviously there is no point to a password if there is a way around it, so I did what was recommended:  ol litake an iCloud backup/li liwipe off the phone/li liremove any existing local backup in iTunes/li lirestored the phone from the iCloud backup/li /ol  So right now there are no local backups, but I still cannot de-activate the encryption, or change the password. I tried Apple ID password, a bunch of other reasonable passwords I might have used. No avail!   I am not trying to decrypt an existing backup, I am merely trying to reset the backup procedure so that I don't have to do my backups on the cloud (also end up paying for storage when I have lots of physical storage at home).  I cannot grasp the motivation behind forever losing a functionality because I cannot remember one of many passwords I have to remember. To add insult to injury Apple homepage won't let me get in touch with support, since my phone is old. However, as far as I can tell the issue is with iTunes, not with the phone.   Some additional info:  ul limy phone is not jailbroken (thus no ssh access), i'd like to keep it that way if I can/li lithere's nothing of use in Keychain Access/li /ul  What can I do?  <comment313298> You can always get in touch with Apple support - you don't even have to tell them what device you need assistance with until they ring you. I've had them call me, international, to a country that doesn't speak English... in English, to fix an issue with an old iPhone 4 I was giving away to a relative. Their phone support is incomparable. Start at https://support.apple.com/contact?cid=acs::applesearch <comment313304> @Tetsujin I dont know if it's an international policy but on the Swedish support page for Apple, it eventually asks me to write in the serial ID before I can setup a phone call. If I enter the serial of the phone, it brings a payment option; if I enter the serial of my MBP then I get an error message where it says "a solution cannot be found" or something like that. <comment313306> even if you go via a non-device-specific path, like password/ID issue?