Network problems after Jailbreakme on iPhone <body> I recently jailbroke my iPhone 3gs with jailbreakme.   At the beginning everything was working well. But since yesterday I am having problems with the network. It would disconnect from wifi and there is no way that I can reconnect until I reboot my phone. It happened twice so far, but I am not able to reproduce the problem as it doesn't happen all the time.   Anyone here has any hint on what I should check?   hr  strongEdit:/strong I found out that this problem occurs if it changes wifi network.   strongEdit:/strong Resetting the network settings was the right solution for me.  Does anyone know if this is a common problem? ( I was not able to find anything with google )  <answer1965> That happened to me too, and now my wifi doesn't work anymore so you should expect that. (not much an answer just a comment)  3 possible fixes you can try: strong(they did not work for me)/strong  1) Reset network settings: Settings - General - Reset - Reset Network Settings.br / 3) When connected to your network click more info (the little  icon) and check if DHCP is enabled.br / 2) The last thing Restore your device from Itunes or reset the device from Settings - General - Reset - Reset All Settings.  <answer1966> Have you tried resetting your network settings?   Here's how to do it:  Settings  General  Reset  Reset Network Settings.   That usually solves network problems. If it doesn't work for you, please post back here and I'll try to help some more.  <comment1695> Thanks for your reply. I started to notice that it happened to  me when I change wifi network.  Is it the case also for you? <comment1696> @Vlad answers are expected to help resolve the question. If you get 50 reputation you'll be able to comment directly. If you have any other Stack Exchange accounts with 200+ reputation you'll get 100 on this site for associating them. I'm going to delete this answer. If you have a solution to the problem feel free to edit your answer and flag it for moderator attention so it can be undeleted. <comment1697> something strange happened on this website: I was only able to  see only half the comment and this is the reason why I replied that way.   Solution 1) worked so far. Hopefully the problem  will not appear again. <comment1698> yes this is a really common problem too bad it wont work for me too :( <comment1699> yes, thanks... this solution worked for me Do you know what exactly happen during network reset? <comment1700> Cool. Glad it worked. It resets all network connections (WiFi, 3G/ EDGE, Bluetooth). Clears stored networks, passwords, etc, so when the phone reboots, all communications have to be renegotiated. I tried to find a decent article on support.apple.com, but this was all I could find:   "When you reset network settings, your list of previously used networks and VPN settings not installed by a configuration profile are removed. Wi-Fi is turned off and then back on, disconnecting you from any network you’re on. The Wi-Fi and “Ask to Join Networks” settings are left turned on." http://bit.ly/ckuMb8 <comment1701> Thanks again. I wonder why this tricks solves the problem that I had, since I tried to reboot but it was not enough.  Probably it is related with the permission of some special files.