Installing OS X on new SSD with 10.8 found online <body> Since I had lost the cds that came with my MBP (late 2010/11 model - 10.6 OSX CDS) I couldnt continue with my OSX installation. I asked apple about purchasing the CDS but it would take for them to arrive over 2months :/ (I cant wait that long as I use it for work)  I have found a version online of " Mac OS X 10.7 Lion (Final Retail) " online but its only 3.5 GB is it a logical size of the OS files to be that "little"? I remember OS 10.6 was like 6GB+   If I went and burned that dmg file to a disk would I be able to install MAC OS X or is "** Mac OS X 10.7 Lion (Final Retail) - 3.5GB **" a patch file and  I would need the operating system to be already installed?  What I am worried is the reliability of the uploader of this file and if he has tampered with it.  <answer121595> Use the checksum to validate the integrity of the file.  Sometimes when you download large files, the host will provide an MD5 checksum, which is a hash of the raw file data that you can use to compare and see if any of the data was corrupted, changed, or lost during the download process.  To verify the MD5SUM in OS X, simply open the Terminal and type “md5″ followed by one space, and then drag and drop the downloaded file from the finder into the terminal window.   Hit return on your keyboard and wait a few moments (The larger the file, the longer it will take).   The terminal will spit out the MD5 hash for the file, which you can then compare to the once provided by the download originator!  <answer122417> An OS X Lion dmg of 3.5GB seems right because in 10.7 Apple removed all 32-bit support, and this saved a lot of space. Of course that doesn't guarantee the that your file is good. You might try to check the hash as Buscar mentioned.  To write the dmg file in Windows, you can either convert it with dmg2img if you know how to use the command prompt, or burn it immediately to a disk (or better: "restore" it to a usb stick) using TransMac (unrestricted 15-day trial).  <comment141756> Good idea, I will try to find the hash of the original version and compare the two.  If I burn the version Mac OS X 10.7 Lion (Final Retail) dmg file on a dvd will I be able to isntall mac os x on my mbp? <comment142870> A friendly reminder that pirated software is off topic. As long as this stays with how to verify a download, I don't see a need for closing this, but we might want to discuss on [meta] and close this if the community feels it's out of bounds based on the [help].