iCloud reminders disappeared <body> I just spent an hour or so adding a couple hundred items to the Reminders in iCloud, using the web interface on Chrome. I added about a dozen lists, and the items, many with due dates.  I don't have an iPhone yet (I used to, so I do have an AppleID that I've been using) - I was doing this in advance so I'd have my reminders in place when I get one.  Everything was fine - I could view them, edit them, change the reminder dates, etc.  I just opened the Reminders page again a few minutes later, and now all but one of the custom lists are gone, and even the default list and the one that's there are missing items that I just added.  So I guess my question is, where do I go from here? There doesn't seem to be a Trash Can or anything where I can look for them. I just added them, so I haven't done a backup yet. Is it possible they're in some limbo land and will reappear? Or do I need to go back to my source and start over again when I have a phone, or what I might do anyway, switch over to a reminder app that's more reliable?  strongEDIT/strong  Something still thinks that the old ones exist - right now, the Reminders icon in my iCloud dropdown has a "5" on it, showing that 5 reminders are overdue - that's true based on what I see on the screen. But as I'm switching back and forth between mail, calendar, reminder, etc., the icon is sometimes showing "7", which is the number when you include the ones that were deleted.  strongEDIT 2/strong  I was curious on whether there's a limit to the items in the web interface for some reason - there are 41 items, and I watched the HTTP call and saw that 41 items are returned in the AJAX request. I then added an item, refreshed, and the new item was not there. I then completed an item, cleared completed items, then refreshed, and that completed item was still in the list.  So it doesn't seem to be doing anything right now.  Is it possible there's some kind of usage quota, where I can submit requests, but they are not actually applied or applied right away? If so, hopefully it would be queued up to apply later, which would mean my stuff would show up eventually. 