Mail shows all "On My Mac" folders as empty (El Capitan) <body> strongShort Version/strong  Since upgrading to El Capitan, all folders in Mail that are "On My Mac" show up as having zero messages, but only on one of my two machines.  The appropriate files are all there in the relevant V3 folder.    So, is there any way to keep the Mail store on two machines, including the "On My Mac" parts, in sync?  This was no problem in Yosemite.  strongLong Version/strong  I admit I have a slightly weird Mail configuration, but it's been working fine for me for many years, and recently broke when I "upgraded" from Yosemite to El Capitan.    So, here's the setup:  I have multiple accounts (all IMAP), but they all have relatively small server quotas (~8Gb; and no, I cannot change my work email).  I like to keep a lot of old mail around, so I keep a lot of it in folders "On My Mac."  I also have two machines, a desktop and a laptop.  Basically, every day I sync the "Mail" folder between the two machines, and this has worked fine for many years.  Once Canon finally released updated printer drivers for the big printer at work and  other things settled down, I upgraded both machines to El Capitan.  My desktop machine had the newest version of the Mail store on it, and when I launched Mail, it did some updating and everything was fine.  Great!  However, when I synced the Mail store to the laptop and launched Mail, it wasn't happy at all.  When I do this, it starts downloading 10,000+ messages, and all the folders "On My Mac" say 0 messages.  The appropriate mbox files are still in the right places in the V3 subfolder of the Mail folder, and they are of the appropriate size, so it's not the the relevant data aren't there--it's like Mail knows the files are there, but can't actually see the messages in each folder.  Some Googling had suggested deleting the envelope index files, which I tried.  That half-worked, in that the messages showed up, but it hosed things like flags and read/unread status for thousands of messages--and it still wanted to download 10,000+ messages.  And I would have to do it every day, and the re-indexing takes a long time.  So, no good.  Surely I can't be the only person out there trying to maintain the same Mail store on two different machines under El Capitan, can I?  (And yes, I get that this is what IMAP is for, but like I said, my quotas are too small for what I like to keep around.)  Any help would be most appreciated. 