How can I make the OS print dialog default to a particular preset? <body> Simply put, this is what I want: I want to take a unique printer preset that has already been made and make the OS default to it any time that particular printer is selected to be printed to.   I know how to edit a particular printer's 'Default Settings' preset through the CUPS web UI, but this solution doesn't work for me because one of the printing options I need to change doesn't appear in this UI (for science: the printers I'm working with are Konica Minolta Bizhub C252, C353, and C364; the setting I'm looking to change is make the default color "Grayscale").   I have been able to modify the codecom.apple.print.custompresets.forprinter.PRINTER.plist/code file to get the system print dialog to pull up the preset that I want by default, but there is a problem with solving things this way: I can't edit this PLIST file properly with TextEdit (the XML gets mangled), and installing XCode on every machine isn't feasible. A solution could be to bring an editor with me on a thumb drive to each machine, but I don't know of an app I could use.  Any path to a solution to this problem, I am open to. I've tried to be as specific about my ultimate goal as possible, and I will answer any followup questions I can.  Any ideas?  <answer94483> Are you looking for a way to edit files easily?  TextWrangler is a good option.  It's a small, free, and good plist editor.  You can put that on a thumb drive and go to each machine and install it.  On your thumb drive you can also have a file named "plist_edit.sh" with these contents:  precode#!/bin/bash edit /path/to/your/plist/com.apple.print.custompresets.forprinter.PRINTER.plist /code/pre  Once TextWrangler is installed, just double-click the plist_edit.sh file.  I know you don't want to have to install something on every machine but TextWrangler is nice to have and "light" and once it's installed, it's there.  This question is a bit old so I'm guessing you found a solution already. 