What is the optimal AirPlay configuration when using two Airports Express? <body> I have two Airport Express base stations in my abode:  ul lian AirPort Express 802.11n (2nd Generation) – A1392, and/li lian AirPort Express 802.11n (1st Generation) – A1264/li /ul  Call the former (the newer model) codeA/code and the latter codeB./code They are in the following configuration: codeA/code is wired to the cable modem and is the primary wireless base station; codeB/code is in a different room, configured to join that wireless network, and is connected to a stereo system. The goal of this setup is to provide the fastest possible internet to laptops, iPhones, etc. while enabling AirPlay music streaming to the stereo.  Unfortunately, I can't run a long ethernet cable between rooms (in a practical manner) – though if I could, of course I'd be able to remove one of the base stations from the setup entirely. Naturally, I would also like to keep the two base stations as part of the same wireless network, so I can use the internet while also playing music over AirPlay.  This Apple Knowledge Base document suggests that codeB/code emjoining/em codeA/code's network (the current configuration) is better than codeB/code emextending/em codeA/code's network, for "overhead" reasons:     strongConnecting to an existing Wi-Fi network as part of a legacy WDS or Extended Network/strong      AirPort Express extends Wi-Fi network range and streams iTunes music simultaneously using Extended Network for AirPort Express with 802.11n, or legacy WDS with AirPort Express 802.11g from another Wi-Fi base station.      Due to the overhead required for this configuration, you may expect AirPlay drop-outs such as intermittent loss of audio.   I'm not sure if that's really an issue since they're both 802.11n routers. Then again, codeB/code is a "Draft 802.11n" device. I'm not sure how that affects things.  h3Problem/h3  Streaming music from a laptop, regardless of the source (iTunes, Pandora, etc.) tends to stutter, intermittently cutting out for a few seconds. This seems to be a common issue. I haven't tested whether higher-bitrate songs causes the audio to cut out more frequently.  h3Question/h3  How should I configure my wireless network(s) to reduce, and ideally prevent entirely, the audio from cutting out when I play music to my stereo using AirPlay? All of the hardware involved is Apple-made, so I can only imagine this is not a terribly exotic setup.  I haven't tried swapping the base stations yet. I'm willing to do that, but I'd really prefer to avoid trial-and-error with every combination of physical and software configurations. What can I say – it's not exactly my idea of a fun weekend project.  I emhave/em tried setting up a 5GHz wireless network on codeA/code, and having codeB/code join that, but it doesn't appear that codeB/code can. It looks like A1264 can broadcast at 5GHz, though I don't know if that implies it should be able to join a 5GHz network. Either way, it sure doesn't seem to be able to join emmy/em 5GHz network.  h3Potentially relevant details/h3  ul liThere is a printer connected to codeB/code with USB./li liNo computers in the room have Bluetooth enabled, though there is an iPhone 5 and Pebble watch that are paired with Bluetooth. I mention this because BT supposedly can cause problems with AirPlay./li /ul  <answer101805> Funny story.  Switching codeB/code from "Join a wireless network" to "Extend a wireless network" seemed to fix the problem instantly, despite the caveat in that Apple KB doc.  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/i5DRG.png" alt="enter image description here"  hr  Two days later, the problem has returned. It seems that I can deliberately exacerbate the problem by using extra bandwidth, such as by running a speed test (over WiFi, of course). 