Is it possible to change a Finder List View column width in AppleScript? <body> I want to create an AppleScript that opens five predefined folders in five different tabs in one new Finder window with predefined bounds and then shifts the active tab of this window to tab one. I would also like the full filenames (of the files in all five folders) to be displayed without any truncation. I exclusively use List View in Finder.  Can this last condition be accomplished in AppleScript or automated in any way?  The default "Name" column width is too narrow; the full filenames of my files are always cut off. To fix this, every time that I open any folder, I have to either manually drag the "Name" separator dramatically to the right or double-click on the separator itself (which automatically adjusts the width to show the longest entry in full).  hr  My understanding is that it is strongimpossible/strong to change the default width of the List View "Name" column on a Mac. Otherwise, I could simply set the default width of this column to be larger and this width would be set as the default across all folders.  ul liHolding down the kbdoption ⌥/kbd  key while dragging a column separator (to save its width) is fruitless./li liI tried setting the wider column size as the default by pressing kbdcommand ⌘/kbd  + kbdJ/kbd in Finder &amp; selecting "Use as Defaults." But, this did not work./li liI tried increasing every "Name" width value in my emcom.apple.finder.plist/em file and then re-saving the file, as described in the most recent comment by user emazeotropo/em (from 2012) of this webpage (from 2003). But, the old, narrow "Name" width remains./li /ul  subOS X El Capitan, version 10.11.6. /sub  <comment347335> As far as I know, it can be automated by dragging the mouse ;) not sure if that's what you'd like, though. <comment347351> Yeah, I've been trying to work out an AppleScript solution that involves mouse clicks. However, I cannot get it to work properly because code-based mouse clicks are very finicky and unreliable.