Upgraded to El Capitan, now computer running slowly, disk space changing, software not working <body> Not being computer savvy, I think I made all sorts of mistakes when I decided to upgrade my macbook pro to El Capitan yesterday but I need to figure out how best to go forward.  Mistake 1: I made the upgrade directly from Mavericks to El Capitan (not Yosemite)...which apple says is OK but maybe not?  Mistake 2: Before upgrading, I could not get a proper read on my disk space. I was getting "your computer is full" messages one minute and then suddenly I'd have 20 GB of space. Spotlight indexing wasn't progressing so I had turned this off through the privacy settings. I'm now wondering if some of the problems I'm having with El Capina installed have to do with a space issue? I realize now that I should have run disk utilities to check for issues with the disk before the upgrade. I actually did the upgrade only because I thought maybe what I was experiencing was some sort of bug that an update would fix...Can't go back now.  The problems (so far): 1) Disk space still unstable 2) Some software running really slowly (Microsoft Word 2008; Safari) 3) Can't open recent documents in Word 2008: they just crash the program (both the original and a separate version back up from Dropbox)... 4) Some non-mac party applications not working (did the Java installs they recommended...still not working). 5) Adobe Illustrator photoshopimport.aip pluggin error...this likely because my version of Illustrator is too old for the new OS?  At this point, I can't tell if there are/were problems with my disk or if the problems I'm having have to do with the new OS.  I have a time machine backup of my computer from before I installed El Capitan but I'm getting conflicting information as to whether I can go back to an older version of my computer (OS included) from that. I don't care about any of the file changes since the upgrade, I just want to go back.   Can someone please give me some advice and/or step by step instructions as to how to recover my old computer from time machine? I'm even nervous to just plug in my time machine external drive at this point as it seems like my computer issues get worse and worse with everything I do! 