Can the built-in OS X "Location" feature auto select locations based on wireless networks? <body> My home network is very secure, but my school's wireless network is open, which makes it vulnerable to wireless sniffing (e.g. with Firesheep). I just discovered the Location feature and I think it's really neat, but it doesn't make obvious a way to automatically switch Location based on which wireless network is currently connected.  Is this something which it is capable of, and if so then how do I set this up? Otherwise I guess I will use a program like NetworkLocation to do this; I'd just like to avoid paying for a program if possible.  (I'm using the latest Snow Leopard 10.6.5)  <answer4612> There are a number of location switch apps that work along with the Location feature such as NetworkLocation and LocationX. A more recent release you could also try is Airport Location   <answer4788> Since you mentioned Firesheep, let me put in a plug for Sheepsafe:     Sheepsafe was built to automate the task of switching your network configuration to use a SOCKS proxy whenever you join an untrusted network.      Sheepsafe works by keeping a configuration of known safe wireless networks. When you join an untrusted network, Sheepsafe switches to a network location that has a SOCKS proxy configured and starts a SOCKS proxy by SSH'ing into a remote server, thus protecting your browsing traffic from FireSheep and other snoopers on the local network. When you switch back to a safe network, Sheepsafe switches back to the default, trusted location and shuts down the SOCKS proxy.   <answer87765> The codeLocation function/code doesn't let you automatically switch to the right network configuration.  You have to know that the original codeAutomatic/code location configuration is a real security hole since it lets all you network interfaces up and doesn't give you a correct information of which one you are riding on. You can always check by looking at codeApple &gt; Location &gt; Network Preferences.../code  This codeAutomatic/code configuration is also one of the nightmares of any network engineer.  <comment4769> I actually did eventually find this! Earlier this week I set up Sheepsafe and got it working. It connects to an Amazon EC2 server I set up (which will be free for a year, thanks to Amazon's free usage tier) and I'm rather happy with how it turned out. <comment102923> The indicated web server doesn't seem to be the right one. Something fallen from the wrong side of Google?. Isn't this one the right location: http://www.macupdate.com/app/mac/34484/airport-location ?