MacBook Pro is slow, will adding RAM help? <body> I have an early 2009 13" MacBook Pro. I have used it a lot and at the moment and for a while now it is quite slow. I need to use various applications like Mathematica (for which it is quite slow if I use it now), Latex, web browsers, and a few other programs. Right now compiling Latex documents or running easy Mathematica code takes a long time and sometimes even will crash the computer for a couple of minutes.  I don't want to buy a new one since my University will buy me one when I begin my PhD next Fall but I still need to do work. Would adding RAM (I have 4GB DDR2 now) help any? What other steps could I take to improve its performance (except for standards like clean up).  UPDATE: Some other symptoms:  ol liMac struggles to open and quit apps/li liMac struggles to scroll up/down on various "heavy" websties./li liMac shows up very often the little colored disc (instead of the pointer of the mouse) signifying it is loading stuff./li liMac struggles to open the Finder and when it is open it needs some time to load the applications folder./li /ol  <answer177424> Upgrading to 8GB will give your more memory-intensive applications a bit more headroom and allow them to avoid unnecessary swap-file usage. Upgrading to an SSD will give a more substantial speed boost overall - apart from dramatically improved OS and application startup times, any applications writing to and reading from a swap-file will also see considerable speed improvements. Your Mac only supports SATA II but the speed improvement will still make the investment worthwhile.  <comment209825> Can you add some screenshots of Activity Monitor showing CPU and memory usage during heavy load usage? <comment209829> SSD FTW! :) I had Macbook Pro mid 2010 and after upgrading Hard Drive to SSD I got 100x faster computer. If it didn't have problems with GFX I'd still be using it. <comment209868> When capturing the CPU and memory usage, run one of the compute-intensive apps (Mathematica, say) doing something that usually drags the Mac down. <comment209939> Thanks a lot, I will try to do it. The thing is that these applications are not that intensive in reality. Another example is that if I want to open Pages, the Apple software, it takes 3 minutes till my computer can do it. Anyway, I ll upload the screenshot. <comment209941> So, is it possible to upgrade to a SSD my 2009 MacBook Pro? I did not even know this. I will try to look for prices though. <comment209942> Ok, I have tried to run something like some Mathematica code and it seems that a lot of my computers CPU remains unused! Why would that be?