Trying to reinstall macOS on a 2009 MacBook Pro <body> My dad gave me his old 2009 MacBook Pro yesterday. It was slow and clunky so I reformatted the drive. Now I'm trying to reinstall macOS through OS X utilities. It asks me to agree to Yosemite terms and conditions, and when inputting my or my dad's Apple ID and password it says the product is temporarily unavailable.   I tried creating a bootable USB for macOS Sierra from the Mac desktop we have in the house, however when booting from the USB the screen gives me a circle with a cross in it.   I believe I may have to purchase Yosemite for my profile before it will work, but I cannot find the item in the App Store.   strongIf I buy Snow Leopard instead, will I be able to install it from the utilities?/strong At the moment it tries to install Yosemite.  <answer287777> You can create a new Apple ID and try using that new Apple ID, for that,  ol liIn the four choices you get click "GET HELP ONLINE"/li liThis opens Safari./li liClick iCloud and Sign-In with your Apple ID./li liNow you can go back to installing screen and the downloading will finally work because you have now shown Apple ID you've logged in from your computer./li /ol  <answer287838> Sierra doesn't run on older 2009 MacBooks. You can use any older version down to Mountain Lion. You can have it installed at an Apple Store for free, or download an old version from the store. To do this, use the list of older/previous purchases to download it instead of the product page which only shows the latest.  <answer295830> If you ask about macOS that means Sierra, older versions of the Macintosh operating system are called Mac OS X.  This 2009er should be able to boot anything from Snow Leopard, Yosemite to Sierra. Anything from 10.6 to 10.11 (with caveats: also 10.12) can be installed.   To install any version of OS X/macOS it is strictly speaking not necessary to provide or even have an AppleID. But you need an ***Install.app that is usually downloaded via the AppStore. Once that is downloaded in full the app is transferable to other Macs.   For the actual install it is possible to create a real external install medium, most users opt for a USB-stick.  An application that greatly simplifies the task is DiskMakerX.  Sierra is not emofficially/em supported on that machine you have now. It might also be a challenge to request that download from a machine that Apple is no longer supporting or if you want to use the AppStore and have not previously downloaded the installer with the AppleID currently in use.   But Sierra can be installed and works for many more Macs than Apple allows.  See this Sierrapatch to help you with that. A 2009 MacBook Pro is listed there as a supported machine, in principle.  But be sure to verify your WiFi card is supported before you go that route. That might be the only real deal breaker for Sierra on this hardware. If it had Sierra previously installed and WiFi was working you are good to go with it.  In terms of performance, security and support, whether from Apple or third party developers, Snow Leopard is not that good of a choice, especially if this machine is going to be used on the net. Currently Yosemite would be the best pick as it has recently received at least some security updates.  <comment363351> Did you test the USB would boot the other Mac? If it does, then the Snow Leo DVD might be the way to go. The machine is too old to use Internet Recovery. <comment363355> I created a new apple ID, but it still says  The item is temporarily unavailable. Try again later <comment363356> @DanielKenny Did you follow above steps?