How to fix an iPhone 4S with disabled iCloud settings? <body> I have an iPhone 4S with iOS 7.1.1 and my iCloud is disabled (greyed out) in settings.  How do I enable it if I can't select it?  <answer147918> Sounds like the “Activation Lock” is disabled due to the phone still being connected to someone else’s iCloud account via “Find My iPhone”. If you purchased this legitimately—not stolen—perhaps the user did not remove the phone from their “Find My iPhone” settings in iCloud? More details straight from Apple on this:     If you’re no longer using an iOS device or Mac, you can remove it from   Find My iPhone. When you remove a device, it’s removed from your Find   My iPhone devices list, and if your device has iOS 7 or later,   Activation Lock is also turned off.      Before giving away or selling your iOS device, be sure to erase your   content and settings (in Settings  General  Reset  Erase All   Content and Settings). When you erase your content, Find My iPhone and   Activation Lock are also turned off. For more information, see the   Apple Support article What to do before selling or giving away your   iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch.   Also, additional details here.     These devices that have “Find My iPhone” activated can’t have any of   their Apple devices restored without the login password to your Apple   ID. This Activation lock created by Apple was done to help track your   iPhone and to help the reduction of stolen iPhones being sold on the   black market. Some negatives of this service is for iPhone owners who   have purchased their iPhone or iPad from a third-party reseller who   had activated “Find My iPhone” and don’t know the old password to turn   off the Activation lock, thus having iPhone iCloud locked.   <answer261342> Why is it grey out?br / In strongSettings-General-Restrictions(password required)-Accounts/strongbr / (Current Value:Don't Allow Changes)br /  If the value is Don't Allow Changes,the icloud in Settings will be disabled automatically. hr To enable Settingsicloudbr Go to:strongSettings-General-Restrictions(password required)-Accounts/strongbr / Select "Allow Changes" 