How to appeal rejection by Apple for Developer Enterprise Account? <body> My company develops an app that needs to be deployed internally (outside the App store). To do so, we need an Apple Developer Enterprise account.  We went through the process of getting a DUNS number for our business (a registered LLC) and making sure it met Apple's requirements.  After the account sat in pending status for weeks, Apple informed me over the phone that, after internal review, our application was denied. They could not provide any additional information, nor outline the criteria for entry into the program. The stated conclusively that we would not be able to get an account, without providing a reason.  Does anyone know the best way to appeal this rejection?  <answer287181> How many employees do you have as an LLC that only just created their DUNS? A dozen? Installing your app on a dozen devices without enterprise license but just the developer license is no problem at all.   There have been a few cases recently where enterprise licenses have been abused to distribute malware, so Apple will have some rather high standards for enterprise licenses.   <comment357870> Have you called Apple Developer Support at 1-800-633-2152?  They might be able to provide you next steps. <comment357872> Yes - they informed me that I would not be able to get an account, with no further information or recourse. Was escalated to a Senior Advisor who stated she was the highest ranking person I could speak with. Very disappointing experience. <comment357873> I think that was your appeal path.  I've been in the ADP for several years and have never heard of them rejecting an application without stating a reason.  Strange. <comment357876> Did you see - https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/276988/i-tried-to-enroll-my-company-to-apple-enterprise-program-but-get-message-canno <comment357877> I did. We got past the DUNS step - put our number in, and it accepted it. If there's something wrong with our DUNS account I wish they could tell me what that is. Instead they simply said that their internal team "reviewed the application and determined not to move forward" and that they could not provide additional information. Crazy! <comment367819> Did you ever resolve this issue with Apple? Same situation here for one of my clients. <comment368128> We concluded that the enterprise license was not the right direction for us at this time, and didn't pursue it further. It would be helpful if Apple could provide some approval guidelines so people don't end up wasting their time on this.