Why iPhone SE stays with a black display always after screen lock <body> A few days ago, my iPhone stuck in a black screen. It was ON, I could use Siri, and every call or message were entering ok. Also, when toogling the silence switch, the iPhone vibrated.  I realized that it happens every time the display goes to a sleep mode (with power button, locked iPhone). Even though I use assistive touch to lock it, it happens the same. I wait so the auto lock triggers the locking, it happens the same.  In addition, recently I discovered some issues with the camera app. When trying to take a photo, it just show a blurred static image from the context. When switching to video capture, it gets fixed and now I see what I intend to capture. Now when I go back to photo capture mode, it shows well but I can't switch among cameras (front, back side). In video capture mode I can switch among cameras perfectly.  I already made (like three times) a full restore, using iTunes with the most updated software (iOS 10.0.2). I also chatted with apple support. I'm able to see the log files in my mac, and I see several kind of errors (I don't know if they are common or unusual).  My guess is ambiguous:    - It may be hardware issue with the flex of the display or some kind of connector inside. But in that case I think the iPhone would go black randomly, and not only after locking it.   - It may be software issue: I didn't find another person with an iPhone SE suffering my same problem. After a full restore, and updating to the latest software, any kind of software problems shoud have been fixed at this time.  Update: I experienced very wierd actions. See at these screenshots: img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/uAo2U.png" alt="bad text position in touch id config" img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/FQjPO.png" alt="flash is disabled"  <comment322620> Did you restore from backup or set up as new? I'm wondering if anything in the backup might just be put back & still 'break' it. <comment322624> I tried both. First, I restored from backup. The error appeared again. Then I tried restoring and configuring as a new iPhone. The error once again showed up. One more time I restored but this time with a backup from another iPhone. The error is driving me crazy, again. It's frustrating.