Why does my iPod shuffle occasionally fail to sync play counts with iTunes? <body> It's been about half a year since I moved from an iPhone to a Windows Phone. This was a particularly difficult decision, as play counts are extremely important to me but non-Apple devices don't sync media play counts with iTunes. (More on this in a bit.)  But I switched anyway, and I bought a 4th-generation iPod shuffle as a replacement for the Music app on my iPhone as well as a cool little fashion accessory in my favorite color. I never listen to any music from my iTunes library on my Windows Phone; the only music-related thing I do with it is watch music videos on the Internet — I don't store any music videos on iTunes anyway.  In the six and a half years I'd been using an iPhone, play counts and other metadata synced emperfectly/em with iTunes (well, except when it was completely fudged in iOS 8.0 until it was fixed several months later in iOS 8.1.1). Not so with my iPod shuffle; I've noticed that when I sync, sometimes the play counts, skip counts and last played/skipped dates update, and other times they emdon't/em even though I could have sworn I've been listening to my music all day.  What gives?  <answer228391> I didn't think of posting this question until today but after a few weeks of experimentation, I've determined that, for some strange reason, iPod shuffle will only update play metadata when, before my next sync, I either  ol lifinish listening to a playlist, or/li liswitch from one playlist to another./li /ol  If I don't finish listening to a playlist (which can be the case with very large playlists), the metadata will strongnot/strong be updated on iTunes.  Powering iPod shuffle off and on between listens does not appear to make a difference, but I'll report back with any new findings. For what it's worth, in normal use, these are the steps I take when preparing to sync:  ol liPower off iPod shuffle by sliding the three-way switch to OFF./li liDisconnect the earphones./li liConnect iPod shuffle to the USB cable./li liSync./li /ol  And of course I always eject it from iTunes before disconnecting it. 