How to deploy Windows 10 to bootcamp partition on new iMacs that have OS X 10.11 <body> QUESTION:  strongHow can we use DeployStudio to remotely image a bunch of 2016 iMacs with both a custom El Capitan OS X image on one partition and a custom Windows 10 image on a second Boot Camp partition?/strong  It is not a straight forward process as it once was. Apple has added SIP (System Integrity Protection) and changed the firmware to only recognize EFI boots on the newest iMacs. BIOS boots are no longer possible on the 2016 iMacs.  We believe the EFI boot requirement is the hang up.  Following the process, that used to work, allows us to boot to the OS X partition, but the deployed Windows 10 Boot Camp partition refuses to boot with an error message indicating the partition is not 'blessed'. This is in spite of the source server being white listed for SIP and SIP being disabled on the target iMac.  Ideally, we would like to be able to generate a custom OS X 10.11.6 image and a custom Windows 10 image, and deploy them with the windows image residing on the bootcamp partition. We were able do this in the past with OS X 10.10.5 and Windows 7.  While the version of Boot Camp Assistant that comes with El Capitan does all the correct things to make Windows 10 bootable if run locally, we are not aware of anyway to do the partition manipulations necessary remotely. We need a deployment to situate the Windows 10 image in a bootcamp partition that conforms to the new iMac requirement that the Boot Camp image is a EFI boot.   So, pending a more elegant solution, we are moving forward to create the necessary configured partition for Boot Camp one-by-one on the iMacs with Acronis for Mac. Apparently, this product will configure the second partition correctly. Still, this defeats the purpose of a network image deployment.  We've scoured the web for answers finding others with similar problems but no actual solutions.  <comment306412> Could you better describe what your question is? I understand you are frustrated and you convey that in your question. Is there a way your problem can be reproduced? Or at least, explain the steps you took leading up to the problem you need solved. <comment307677> I've restated the question as you suggested David. <comment307683> First of all, SIP is not a issue here. If you are using a EFI boot for Windows, then there is no reason to modify the MBR. Also, you can bless the Boot Camp partition using the System Preferences application. So, is SIP a problem unique to using DeploySudio? Or, is there some other reason SIP is a problem? <comment307684> Next, you have problems with partitioning. Is this a problem of DeployStudio not putting the correct image in the Boot Camp Partition? Or, is this a problem where the partition tables contain the wrong values? Also, the boot code for Windows now resides in the hidden EFI partition. Do you need deploy this boot code remotely also? <comment307875> We know it's not a SIP issue although it was SIP that made it necessary to upgrade both the Mac server software and Deploy Stuido. Once we did that the deployment to a test target of 10.11.X worked fine. It IS the issue that remote creation of the boot camp partition does not create a suitable partition. We can do it by hand but at that point we may as well do both the Mac and Windows sides by hand. <comment307883> I don't believe deploystudio can deploy efi boot windows, right?