Are there any good screen protectors for the rMBP that are both clear and anti-glare? <body> I'm looking for a good screen protector for my MacBook Pro with Retina display (13", late 2013) that is both clear and anti-glare.  I've found that the glass on the display gets small scratches and dings really easily.  Since I just had to replace the display for a different reason, I wanted to see if I could find a good screen protector.  What I want is something clear that doesn't add any glare, but I'm having trouble finding anything that'll meet my needs.  Since the tempered glass screen protector on my phone is almost completely unnoticeable, I tried looking for something like that first.  I ordered one off of Amazon (this one), but I have to return it, since holding it up on top of the display (as in without installing it) makes it look like a mirror when the screen is off.  I then tried to see if an extra regular screen protector that my friend had (this one, I think) might work, but it looks nearly as reflective.  I see that most of the screen protectors marketed as anti-glare have a matte finish, but I don't want that (I feel like it'd reduce the clarity and sharpness of the Retina display).  So, are there any good-quality screen protectors (tempered glass or otherwise) for the MacBook Pro with Retina display that are both clear and anti-glare?  <comment340523> perhaps it's easier to simply stop scratching the display or putting the laptop into a bag with sand. (the second thing won't end well for other parts too, not only display). covering screen with something is a painful experience because there's already no headroom between the display and the other half, so when it's closed, keyboard will press display. <comment340656> @Sarge Borsch But it's not like I go around trying to scratch my screen.  I can't do much more to take better care of the screen.  I don't expect my display up get scratched just by touching it, but it seems like that's what happens.  I also never but my computer in a bag that has sand in it.  I'd be willing to bed that the glass on rMBPs is not nearly as good as iPhone glass, which is disappointing.