iPad Will Not Charge or Charges Very Slowly <body> I recently dug an old ipad out of storage (the model number is A1395), and I would like to begin using it again. Unfortunately, it is having significant trouble charging.  When I first attempted to turn it on by long-pressing the power button, nothing happened. After plugging it in with the original (potentially damaged) cable nothing happened still. When I plugged the USB end of the cable into a new charger for an Android phone, I saw a red battery logo which I assumed meant that it needed time to charge. I then left it for a few hours, and then attempted to turn it on. It worked, and was charged to 37%. This percentage, however, continued going down even while plugged into the same android charger. IOS does not show a charging indication when either the android or original ipad charger are being used.   Is this something I can fix easily and cheaply (ie. no apple store, replacement parts, ifixit, etc.)? Should I try getting a new cable (Is this the right one for that model)? I expect the battery to be worse-off after all this time being stored at who knows what charge, but I would expect it to still run without issue from wall power.   Some things I have tried/Notes:  ul liPlugging the ipad into a computer with powered usb ports that charge my android phone without issue does not fix this. This is not an apple computer./li liThe 30 pin charging port appears to be clean, but I can't get a good look inside. Is there some specific cleaning method I should use?/li liI do not have any other apple chargers available./li liI couldn't find any other information other than Apple's official documentation, from which I tried each suggestion that is sufficiently described and does not cost money. If it costs more than a few dollars to fix this, it isn't worth it to me./li liWhen I turn the ipad off and charge it with the phone charger, it charges albeit very slowly./li liThe difference between the wattage of the ipad and phone chargers according to their labeling is 0.11 wats., with the ipad charger having slighly more./li liI found another 30 pin &lt;- usb cable lying around, using it has no apparent effect./li /ul  <comment362468> The iPad chargers have twice the output power of a phone charger or PC USB port - Mac USB can provide the higher power needed. I'd say first test would be an actual iPad charger. <comment362471> @tetsujin I tried an actual ipad charger -- it provides no power whatsoever it seems. When I tried an *android* phone charger, it charges. This android phone chargers labeling says that it provides a different amount of power than an iPhone charger. <comment362473> So apparently the first charger is dead, the 2nd provides half power. <comment362482> @tetsujin Are you saying the labeling on the second one is incorrect? Isn't that illegal? Also, where can I get a good replacement charger. I'm not interested in paying 4 times the price to get an official apple one (that is the 30 pin cable markup) -- something compatible will be just fine.