New Macbook Pro 15 (2015) struggles/lags scrolling and zooming pdf (with Preview and Skim) <body> I recently got a new (and my first ever) Macbook Pro which is a 15 inch 2015 model. Everything is pretty great, when I first turned it on I had an update for Sierra which I applied. The only bad thing I have to say about it is the scrolling of PDFs when using a PDF reader app (this doesn't happen when reading PDFs from the browser). I've tried this with both Preview and Skim and it happens with both. I've even got a Skim update a few days ago that said in the changelog it would fix this but it didn't.  Now there are a few things I've noticed:  ul liWhen using the Quick Look function from Finder to look at the PDF the sluggishness does not happen. I've read that's because the Quick Look uses a different PDF engine than the ones used for the PDF reading apps/li liWhen using Skim if I change the focus to another window and then use the cursor to scroll the PDF (without changing focus to the Skim window) the sluggishness does not happen/li /ul  This has been pretty frustrating and disappointing... I'm a heavy PDF user and I feel like this is not acceptable in such an expensive machine which seems to be partly dedicated to PDF reading. My iPad handles PDF perfectly :(  <comment327879> There's never been a 15" MacBook. Do you mean MacBook Pro? <comment327882> @MikeScott yes should have used the proper name. It's a Macbook Pro <comment328262> What happens when you try to open it in Adobe Acrobat Reader? <comment328418> @MaxWyss I just installed to check and the performance seems much better. Not as fluid as say, in my iPad Pro, but much better than Skim or Preview. <comment328613> Just a comment - I've heard of many instances of Adobe Reader not scrolling PDFs very well in MBP computers, and people having to use Preview instead. For some reason though, your situation is the exact opposite! It'd be good if you could report back in a day or so and let us know if Adobe Reader is still working well for you. Also, what version of Adobe Reader are you using? This feedback may help others, especially since you're using macOS Sierra. <comment329136> Just wondering how bad are those lags? 1-2 sec pauses? Or more? Or we are talking about something more fine-grained here? Not criticising but trying to understand. Personally, never experienced any problems with PDFs in Sierra though I also read them a lot, mostly using Quick Look / Preview.