Is there a usb c dock with USB and thunderbolt 2 connectors? <body> I have a 2017 13" Macbook Pro.  Sadly, there are only 2 USB type C ports and 1 of them is for charging.  I need at least 1x USB and 1x Thunderbolt 2 (for external Monitor).  I bought a USB C - Thunderbolt 2 adapter for $50 bucks...and honestly it feels like a complete rip off.  I'm hoping for a similar product at this price with more than 1 connection.  Bonus for a dock with a charging light.  The closest thing I've found has no Thunderbolt 2 and terrible reviews.  I'd like to at least obtain parity with my 2014 MBP before I consider keeping this laptop.  <answer282654> I am basing my answer off this statement in your question:      I need at least 1x USB and 1x Thunderbolt (for external Monitor)   What you need is a USB-C Multi Port Adapter with Power Delivery.  This will connect via the USB-C port, give you an HDMI port for video, USB 3.0 ports for expansion and another USB-C port for charging.  As far as the adapter that you previously bought is concerned, you bought a "Thunderbolt 2/3 converter."  What you needed was a Thunderbolt or USB to display (HDMI, DispayPort, VGA, etc.)  It's important to note that the ports on your MacBook are Thunderbolt 3 ports with USB-C connectors.  USB-C is the emphysical/em specification of the port while Thunderbolt is the protocol.    <comment356170> I clarified the question.  `1x Thunderbolt 2`.  This one gives me another Thunderbolt 3 port, which will not work with my external TB 2 based monitor. Well, on second thought if I kept my $50 adapter and also bought this $50 dollar adapter then it works.  $100 is the best option I've seen so far.  Just have to carry 2 adapters around. <comment356171> What monitor?  Is it a Thunderbolt monitor?  Specific make and model, please. <comment356172> On your update, the adapter I purchased is correct.  Some monitors use a Thunderbolt 2 adapter which I recently discovered is also coined "mini DVI" or "mini displayPort" in some places.  They are pretty common.