Prohibitory sign on Mac startup running Yosemite <body> I used disk utility today on my MacBook Pro running Yosemite to create a bootable USB. I don't recall touching the hard drive of my MacBook Pro at all. After I finished the process, I went onto Google Chrome to find it was not opening any pages. I then tried to use spotlight which would. It respond. I decided it was any old issue and restarted my MacBook.  After loading, I get a prohibitory symbol (The circle with a line going through it) in the middle of the screen. I went into recovery with Command-R and went to Disk Utility. I clicked on 'MacBook HD' and verified the Disk. I get an error stating:  precodeInvalid content in journal Invalid record count The volume could not be verified properly Error: This disk needs to be repaired. Click Repair Disk. /code/pre  So I click repair disk and I get no errors. I restarted my MacBook and receive the same prohibitory sign after I try to log in (the login screen did not show up before).  I went back into the recovery and tried installing a new copy of OSX but when I go to unlock 'MacBook HD' the disk disappears.  From this and the error after the login screen, I gathered that after unlocking 'MacBook HD' The drive stops working. But I don't know how to fix this problem, especially as I don't understand what caused it. I'm starting to think whether I added the .iso file to 'MacBook HD' instead though I don't think I did.  How can I fix this problem? I have important files on my hard drive which I don't want to lose. Thanks.  <comment231984> Sound like instead formating the USB you did that to your hard drive. <comment231985> How can I fix that? And can I still retrieve my data? <comment231987> If you have back up then all clear, if not, use a second mac connect it and use the target disk mode. <comment231990> I believe I had backups on my formatted hard drive but that's about it. For target disk mode, I need a thunderbolt wire which I don't have. Any other ways to fix? <comment231992> If you have a bootable usb with os x on it you can boot in to it and try to repair the disk form there. There is a chance that the Internet recovery is working (use the COMMAND+OPTION+R) during boot, that would reinstall the os x. If the problem is minor use the Safe boot that might work. <comment231993> Check to see if you can boot your computer in "Single User Mode."  Press and hold Command-S during boot.  It should boot you too a black terminal console.  If so, we are in luck.  Let me know and I will post some steps to get to and back up your files.