Is it possible to read the accessibilityLabel attribute of an item using AppleScript? <body> I'm trying to extract the list of cookies according to Safari.  I have the following code fragment:  precodetell application "Safari" to activate tell application "System Events" to tell process "Safari"     keystroke "," using command down -- display preferences     delay 1     click button "Privacy" of toolbar 1 of window 1     delay 2 -- let the cookie count update     click button "Details…" of group 1 of group 1 of window "Privacy"     get &lt;what??&gt; of row 1 of table 1 of scroll area 1 of sheet 1 of window "Privacy" end tell /code/pre  Which is fine except that I can find no way to get the cookie name from the row. Tantalisingly, however, VoiceOver can read the value and Accessibility Inspector shows it to be held in the codeaccessibilityLabel/code attribute.  Hence the question: is there a way of getting the value of the codeaccessibilityLabel/code attribute in AppleScript?  Versions: Safari 9.0 / El Capitan.  PS: I know there is a Cookies.binarycookies file in the user's library. I'd still like the answer to my question for future reference at least!  <answer210332> You can access the 'description' of the 'UI Element' of each row. Like so:  precodetell application "Safari" to activate tell application "System Events" to tell process "Safari"     keystroke "," using command down -- display preferences     delay 1     click button "Privacy" of toolbar 1 of window 1     delay 2 -- let the cookie count update     click button "Details…" of group 1 of group 1 of window "Privacy"     set z to description of UI element 1 of every row of table 1 of scroll area 1 of sheet 1 of window "Privacy" end tell return z /code/pre  <comment254176> Thanks - that's exactly what I was looking for. <comment254177> "UI element" is a helpful terminology to know about. <comment254422> Agreed. I knew about "UI element" -- it was 'description' that I didn't know about. I'm sure I tried 'value of', 'text of' and a few other optimistic guesses. Is 'UI Element' fully documented anywhere? <comment254428> A useful trick is to: set z to properties of UI element 1 of …   You can then look at all the properties that might be useful. That's where I found the description property.