Continuously disappearing iPhone storage space <body> I'm an unlucky user of 12gb iPhone 5c. Yes, I don't even want to name it 16gb iPhone 5c, because since iOS 8 or 9 or whatever Apple decided that we don't need that space no more.   Apparently what Apple also decided is that users don't need control over what is being cached or stored on their devices. Or they simply cannot control it themselves. So I was forced to enter an infinite cycle of resetting and restoring my device every two months or so. Apple even managed to make backing up and restoring process even more painful than it needs to be.   This is what I usually see when the situation is dire and demands for a reset:  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/VzUIB.jpg" alt="enter image description here"  I should have made this screenshot  inside Manage Storage, but there is no way back now, at least not for a couple of months :) At this moment iTunes shows that I have 4+ gbs of free space. After syncing. It doesn't fall into any category, even the infamous Other. It just sees junk from applications and thinks that it should be free. And I totally agree with iTunes, it should be free.   This next screenshot shows the situation after backup  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/cYway.png" alt="enter image description here"  5+ gbs of free space. And in the course of the next two months I will not add any new applications or data, the space would just evaporate gradually day by day. If we account for applications documents that are shown in Manage Storage we can actually see that missing 4 gbs of space that iTunes sees as well.   I've been doing this process over a year now. And it's getting old and stupid. And I'm just wondering if I'm not alone, if anyone has a more viable solution or if anyone contacted Apple and actually received a practical useful advice instead of typical template-like customer service replies.   strongUPDATE 1 - April 5/strong  I was just about to make new screenshots to show you the dynamic of how everything described above progresses. Sadly I had only 500mbs left. And clearing up iCloud storage as @bmike suggested did nothing to alleviate the problem. But that was obvious. I just tried that to tell for sure.   But then something magical happened. Apple released a new iOS version. Of course its size was quite big, ~1,5 gbs, of course I didn't have that much space available, but I tried downloading it anyway. The phone was clearly doing some calculations, but then suggested to delete around 23 of my apps, I refused. I went to Storage to make screens for you, and what do I see, 3,1+gbs of space! So apparently it can clean cache, junk and all else when it absolutely has to have space.   Just for fun I went back and tried downloading the new update, to check if it wasn't a crazy joke of sons kind, and it in fact started the download.   Now I only have to find a way to force the phone to perform this cleaning procedure everyone I need it.   <comment347954> It looks like you've managed to fill up iCloud and the local storage. Which do you want to free first? Do you have a backup other than iCloud ? <comment347955> I don't need iCloud, I don't use it. That's not what the question is about. <comment347966> iCloud will sync content down and fill local storage. it also can offload local storage to free up space. The "YOUR ICLOUD STORAGE IS FULL" message is something you should decide to fix and then re-evaluate if you need to change anything else. In the first screen shot, Your one bedroom apartment is so full, you can no longer swing the door open to even shuffle things around from the looks of it. Seems like the solution is to tidy up before the system literally stops working due to no working space. <comment347978> I honestly don't see the correlation between junk from applications accumulating on devices and a filled up service that I don't use and don't need. However I completely cleaned the iCloud storage to see if it has any effect, which I highly doubt.