Does iTunes Home Sharing transfer in-app purchases? <body> My wife recently got an iPhone and, being that I'm an iPhone user already, I set up iTunes Home Sharing (under my Apple ID) so that I could share some of my purchased apps with her.  While paid apps transferred to her phone without a problem, in-app purchases that I had made under my account didn't transfer over.  Is this the correct behavior? Our phones are set up under different Apple IDs, but I was still able to transfer purchased (paid upfront) apps to her – which is completely allowed under the Terms of Use – so I assumed the same would apply to in-app purchases as well.  <answer115686> I do believe that is a no, if you were to buy currency or items in a game, then those would be duplicated and cause possible errors. I think there may be a way in some apps to "claim" previous app purchases but I may be wrong.  <answer115704> Firstly, you must bear in mind that each In-App Purchase is uniquely associated with an Apple ID and that there are different emIn-App Purchase/em types:  ul listrongConsumable/strong - You need to purchase these items every time you want them, and you can't download them again for free./li listrongNon-Consumable/strong - You purchase these items one time, and you can transfer them to multiple devices authorized with the same iTunes Store account./li listrongNon-renewing Subscriptions/strong - You can purchase these items again after the subscription period ends./li listrongAuto-Renewable Subscriptions/strong - You can purchase these items with different renewal periods./li /ul  There are, therefore, differences in the way the availability of the emproduct/em is handled.    As stated on Apple's iTunes Store: About In-App Purchases:     You strongcan't/strong sync or transfer strongnon-renewing subscriptions/strong and strongconsumable/strong In-App Purchase to another iOS device or Mac. You strongcan/strong transfer strongnon-consumable/strong In-App Purchases and strongauto-renewable subscriptions/strong to another iOS device or Mac authorized with your iTunes Store account. For example, if you transfer a game from an iPhone to an iPod touch, only the game levels will sync, and the extra ammo and experience points won't transfer.   <comment135434> Thanks, that clears it up. The particular IAP in my question seems to be non-consumable (it's a one-time purchase that unlocks extra features in the app), but given that my wife's iPhone is set up under a different Apple ID, I guess that's why it doesn't transfer.