Static IP Wi-Fi Connection while using Cellular Data in iOS10? <body> I'm using a Wi-Fi OBD-II port scanner to connect my iPhone 7 (iOS 10.2) to my Toyota Prius while driving. My understanding is that it is possible to be both connected to the WiFi network that the scanner creates AND receiving internet through the iPhone's 3G/LTE connection. The general instructions are to:  ol liConnect to the scanner Wi-Fi. Go to the Wi-Fi detail screen in Settings, Note the IP address and Subnet Mask./li liSwitch to 'Static' and input the IP Address and Subnet Mask from above/li liYour phone should now connect to the Wi-Fi network but continue to use cellular for data. /li /ol  This process has been widely documented and verified- both in the users manual for my port scanner, as well as the manuals for many other similar units, and across reviews and forum posts for similar products. (See here)  Now, on to my problem. When I do the above, the Wi-Fi icon disappears from the top of my screen. If I go to Wi-Fi settings, it says "No Internet Connection", and won't connect to the network created by the port scanner, and my app won't connect. Is there any way to tell the iPhone to go ahead and connect to the network even though there's no internet connection in iOS10?  I've tried the following:  ul liStatic: IP Address and Subnet Mask - iPhone Won't Connect (No Internet Connection)/li liStatic: IP Address, Subnet Mask, Router - iPhone Wont Connect (The 'No Internet Connection' error goes away though)/li liStatic: IP Address, Subnet Mask, Router, DNS - iPhone behaves same as if I was on DHCP connection- it connects to the WiFi network but blocks cellular data and has no internet connection. /li /ul  I have found one other thread documenting a similar issue with an iPad running iOS10 being unable to connect to an ad-hoc network, with no working solution:   https://discussions.apple.com/thread/7705927?start=0&amp;tstart=0  Just a note that if I connect using DHCP, the port scanner works perfectly, but the phone loses its data connection and I'm unable to use navigation apps, streaming audio, etc.   <comment332160> Is Wi-Fi Assist (at the bottom of Settings  Cellular) on or off?