Save the iTunes download queue <body> Is there a way to save the download queue in iTunes ? I had to reboot my Macbook, and to my surpise, the queue was empty when I restarted iTunes. Is this behaviour intended ?  Edit:  It appears that this problem was related to the fact that my installation was not a clean install but an upgrade. It was OS X 10.7 upgraded to OS X 10.8. I did a fresh install, and now everything is back to normal; the queue is correctly saved and restored across sessions.  <answer69350> It should still be there, if it never downloaded? I suggest you contact in to Apple iTunes Support and explain you had items in your downloads queue, when you restarted, they disappeared.   First try signing out and back into your iTunes Store account in iTunes, if they download queue is still empty, email in.  <answer69357> According to Apple's KBase #HT1725:  Your download might not complete for one of the following reasons:     Quitting iTunes before a download is complete. Restarting the computer   during a download. Disconnecting from the Internet while downloading.   Slow or dropped Internet connection. Other applications blocking the   download, such as security software not manufactured by Apple or a   firewall. If your download was interrupted on your computer You will   be prompted to resume your download the next time you quit and reopen   iTunes. You can also manually restart the download with the following   steps.      Resuming downloads from a computer      Open iTunes. Choose Store  Check for Available Downloads. Enter your   account name and password. Click the "Check Downloads" button. Click   the Resume or Resume All button, or the resume arrow  to resume the   download.   <answer69452> It appears that this problem was related to the fact that my installation was not a clean install but an upgrade. It was OS X 10.7 upgraded to OS X 10.8.   I did a fresh install, and now everything is back to normal; the queue is correctly saved and restored across sessions. 