Is the Lightning connector safe for my children? <body> Having an Apple Lightning connector cable beside my bed to charge my iPhone 6 at night, I asked myself whether the cable is safe for my three-years-old kids?  I.e. having the cable dangling without an iPhone connected, my kids might stick their tongue right on the connector which is still plugged into the wall socket.  I've read this thread and got no clear answer out of it.  strongTherefore my question is:/strong  Would it be safe for my kids if they accidentially put their tongue on a Lightning connector or would they get a (severe) electric shock?  strongUpdate 1:/strong  I just did a quick self-test and stuck my tongue to a Lightning connector which was still plugged into the wall socket.  Even when trying to wrap my tongue around both sides, I felt no electric shock, not even a small prickling.  That said, I still emlove/em to get quality answers that are more sound than my own "tests".  <answer233674> It should be very safe, if not harmless, for your children.  Reason being, the lightning connector puts a charge though at 5V with a negligible amount of amperage (not going to break out the ammeter to find out).  What causes electric shocks is the amperage, the higher the more lethal. As mentioned in the thread, the amount of volts helps the charge travel easier.  Physics.SE and Electrical Engineering.SE probably have people who understand electricity better than I ever will, but I'll try and give an explanation:  Think of a charge as a car, volts as fuel and amps as speed. If this car were to hit someone at high speed (equivalent to high amps) the person could get severely injured (a similar effect is seen in high-amperage electrocution). However, if the car is travelling at low speeds, the person is less likely to get severely injured. In both cases, the fuel (volts) doesn't really play a very big part in the analogy.  (people better at me in electricity please do correct me if there are any mistakes)  In conclusion I'd say lightning connectors perfectly safe and you should have nothing to worry about.  <answer233675> You should be more concerned about the brick (the one that plugs in to the outlet) rather than the lightning cable itself. Check the output amperage or wattage, the higher the value, the more "shock" you'll get. For iOS devices, those values are quite low. You'll get a shock (more like a surprise), but not severe.  <answer233807> It is totally safe. A Lightning Cable is like a powered USB. In the worst case (an iPad), it's 5 V (and 12 W), far from enough for damaging your children. The fact that if the part touching is more sensible it doesn't mean more damage. Still, if the body part that touches the connectors is more conducting, they might feel a tiny "shock", but more like when sometimes you touch a metallic item and you feel a shock, nothing to do with touching an electric plug.  <comment285667> Would this be "Barring any brick malfunction that lets the electricity travel out too fast?" <comment285687> Unlikely. If the brick fails, it's more likely to break the circuit than to release a lot of current. Modern wall plugs have regulators (and fuses) in them that regulate and break the current flow if the current gets too high. <comment285749> You are welcome! <comment285753> Yes. The fuse... Will fuse if you have a too high current. <comment285754> And you will need to buy a new charger <comment285755> You could just replace the fuse...