OS X 10.11.2 boots straight to guest login screen <body> So I have seen other threads online, but none that either give an answer to my question, or any that are 100% the same.  So backstory, I am a UNIX sys admin, so know my way around, but have never owned a Mac for myself, this is my wife's laptop that broke yesterday. She works with her dad in a small office, yesterday she had an outlook warning saying "Your database has become corrupt and needs to be rebuilt", her Dad has had a play around with the laptop (against my advice) and now the laptop doesn't boot.  When you turn it on, you get one password prompt (not a firmware password, possibly a hard drive password), this accepts the normal password, and then there is a loading screen, which loads another login prompt, however, only the guest account shows up and it doesn't take any passwords. If you click the guest account Icon, it says "OS X will boot into a Safari only mode", so I have tried booting into this and connecting to the network (there were some posts online that this mode was activated when the Mac thought it was stolen, I was hoping logging in and connecting to the network might prompt some sort of unlock option, but alas nothing).  Anyway, so I booted into Recovery Mode, ran First Aid on all the drives, all looked OK, so tried booting again, same prompt.  Then I booted into single user mode, mounted the hard drive and then also inserted a USB drive, and copied over all the personal files from the machines (spreadsheets and documents etc). This worked OK, so it doesn't appear to be a failed hard drive.  Now seeing as I can mount the drives and view the contents in single user mode, is there anyway I can fix this issue (whatever it may be) and reset the login screen to work correctly?  <comment325989> Please add the OS X/macOS version! Then ask your wife, if a [firmware password](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204455) was set! Remove it. <comment326021> osx 10.11.2, currently firmware passwords are off, could it be a hard drive password? As I need to enter it before unlocking the hard drive in repair mode? <comment326036> Oh OK, then the drive is probably protected by FileVault. Please check this in Recovery Mode (enter in Terminal (menubar  Utilities): `diskutil list` and/or `diskutil cs list`.