Why does Dropbox require Accessibility? <body> In System Preferences, Security &amp; Privacy, Accessibility: Dropbox.app is there and it is checked.  Why does Dropbox need access to the OS's accessibility features? Is it safe to uncheck it, will it keep working fine?  <answer245722> I found eman answer/em in the community forum of Dropbox. A user sent a ticket to Dropbox asking about this and he posted the reply there. According to the reply, Dropbox needs to control the computer in order to keep our data safe. I'm copying both the ticket and the answer over here.   precodeTicket #3172481: DB: Dropbox app listed under "Allow the apps below to control your computer".  I'm sure there's a perfectly reasonable explanation why Dropbox needs permission to control Mac computers, I'd just quite like to know what it is. /code/pre      Thank you for writing in regarding the security of your account   information. I can certainly understand you wanting to ensure the   security of data you have entrusted to Dropbox. I will be happy to   explain the measures taken by Dropbox to ensure the security of   everyone's account.      Permission to control the computer is just another way of saying that   there are certain system permissions Dropbox needs to function, and   many of those permissions are to establish secure connections in order   to protect the data contained within your Dropbox folders.      Operating system permissions prevent files from being viewed or edited   by unauthorized logins. Permissions can be set any number of ways and   can be restored manually through a fairly simple process.      Another possible cause of issues with Dropbox arise when conflicts   exist between your local network sharing or folder redirection   preferences setup in folders or files within your Dropbox. Similar   effects can also happen when your Dropbox folder or its system files   are located in a mounted network drive or a remote location (like   roaming profiles) since this could cause Dropbox to not have constant   access or permissions to operate in those locations. This is   especially an issue if other people in the network could be accessing   the same data. For these reasons, I'd suggest that you ensure that   your setup does not include any of the above scenarios.      Additional permissions my be required when syncing mobile devices,   particularly when photos or photo albums are involved. Since there is   a great deal of personally identifying information stored in the   metadata for a photo file (yes, people can find you if they know how   to decrypt this metadata), some of the additional permissions required   for our Carousel app, for example, include:      iOS      -Contacts   -Photos   -Camera   -Notifications   -Background App Refresh   -Use Cellular Data      Android      -In-app purchases   -Device &amp; app history   -Identity   -Contacts/Calendar   -Photos/Media/Files   -Camera/Microphone   -Wi-Fi connection information   -Device ID &amp; call information      Facebook does not offer a large amount of granularity or retroactive   permissions control, so we need to request all the permissions we need   or even may need in the future.      I want to reiterate the point that all these steps are taken in order   to prevent access to your data, not to facilitate access to your data.   Dropbox takes great pride in being a company worth of the trust of our   users, and we would never ask you to allow us access with the intent   of violating that trust.      I hope this helps clarify our account security measures regarding   permissions. Thank you so much for using Dropbox, and please let me   know if there's anything else I can help with.   hr  Another user asked the following pertinent questions, but he never got any answers for those at least not in that thread.     "(...) why the need to give up access across the board as opposed to   an as needed basis? (...) It's hard for me to grasp why giving up OS   level access to data that Dropbox doesn't need for our use, makes our   data safer? (...) Syncing data for example seems to work fine without   the permissions checked. What am I missing? I'm not trying to be   combative; just hoping to get a better understanding. (...)"   <comment310092> Weaselwords from Dropbox. They can't be trusted.