How to prevent Script Editor from scrolling (and losing cursor location) on compile? <body> I have some lengthy .scpt files. By "lengthy," I'm talking character counts (excluding spaces) of 200,000.  I use Script Editor.app to create and edit AppleScripts (simply because Script Editor was already installed).   If I save a long file in Script Editor (e.g., by pressing kbd⌘ command/kbd + kbdS/kbd) the file will almost always scroll much further down in the file. The result is that I am far removed from the location in the script where I was just editing, and my text cursor is lost. If I type some text immediately after saving, the text is placed on the very last line of the document.  So, I have to spend a decent bit of time trying to find the line or area of code that I was just editing. I save often, so this time significantly adds up.  To make matters worse, after saving, the scrollbar in Script Editor is buggy and erratic for around 30 seconds. This makes scrolling manually largely counterproductive. Sometimes this erratic period is up to one minute.  Combined, these two errors result in a frustrating and time-consuming saving experience.  The only scenario where I have seen these two issues completely disappear is when the script is short. As in, short enough to not possess a scroll bar whatsoever.  I generally don't have many programs running on my computer when I am using Script Editor and they are never applications that are demanding. I usually have a couple Chrome windows, a couple TextEdit windows, one Script Editor window, and that's it. My machine is an Early 2013 Retina MacBook Pro with 16 GB of RAM.  Is this Script Editor behavior normal? Is there anything that I can do to mitigate it?  <answer276235> I just tried what you explained with script editor in Sierra and did not experience the same problem you are experiencing.  This may not be the best solution to your questions but it will definitely save you some time.  Why not just throw in a little comment at the place in the script where you want your cursor located after a file save.  Just adding something like code--cursor/codeand copy that commented code--cursor/code to your clipboard then after you do kbd⌘ command/kbd + kbdS/kbd , then go ahead and click kbd⌘ command/kbd + kbdF/kbd (which will open the find field right there in your script editor window) then you could click kbd⌘ command/kbd + kbdV/kbd (which would automatically paste that short commented line into the find field) this of course will highlight that text in your script and bring you right to its location.  <comment347633> Yes, it's normal behavior in (Apple)Script Editor through OS X 10.11.6 and as mentioned in wch1zpink's answer it's not in macOS Sierra. <comment347692> @user3439894 Thank you for the info.