iMovie 10.1.2 will not import longer video clips <body> I would like to import video from Hi8/Digital8 tapes recorded with a Sony DCR-TRV840, a Digital8 camcorder from the early part of the century, into iMovie 10.1.2 on El Capitan over Firewire.  For short consecutive clips, iMovie works fine for me. When I finish recording, imported video clips appear in the iMove media library and are conveniently sorted in chronological order.  I am having trouble with a 12 minute continuous clip. iMovie will successfully import the 6 second clip that comes before it on the tape. Once the end of the tape has been reached, iMovie will stop recording and announce     Import has reached the end of the tape. All existing footage between the point where you started the capture and the end of the tape was captured successfully.   as one would expect.  Yet, the 12 minute clip does not appear when I look for it in the iMovie media library.  This is what I've tried:  ol liRecording several times./li liDownloaded the trial version of Final Cut Pro and tried to import./li liUsed two different computers:  ol lii7 MBP with 16 GB RAM and a 1TB SSD with 500 GB free. El Capitan, iMovie 10.1.2./li lii5 Mac Mini with 16 GB RAM and and 512 GB SSD with 258 GB free. El Capitan, iMovie 10.1.2./li /ol/li /ol  If I import 6 minutes, stop the import, and then resume for the remaining 6 minutes, the two clips appear. I'm glad something works, but this is less than ideal since a word in a speech, for example, might be interrupted.  This has also happened with clips longer than 12 minutes near the beginning of a tape. iMovie skips them.  Is it really necessary to divide continuous clips manually by stopping and starting the import every few minutes during a long clip? One can't set iMovie to import a tape starting from the beginning, let it reach the end and know that it has imported everything? It will skip longer clips scattered around the tape, yet announce at the end that all video has been captured successfully?  I had thought importing long video clips, like hour long speeches or lectures, was commonplace. I would like to import a 12 minute clip, which I had thought would not be a problem. Am I doing something wrong?   If there are certain limits to iMovie and Final Cut Pro for importing video, are they documented anywhere?  <comment305341> What is the codec of the clip? Do other long clips (ex. downloaded 12-minute long Youtube videos) produce the same problem? <comment305357> The codec of clips successfully imported into iMove from the same tape is "DV Video (dvc)," according to VLC. They appear as mov files when I show the package contents of the iMovie library. Hour long and longer mp4 clips that are already on the computer's drive import into iMovie without a problem, and so I think a 12 minute one should be fine.