How do I dual-booting Ubuntu on a Macbook pro? <body> How would you dual-boot Ubuntu 12.04 on a MacBook Pro with the following specs: 13", 750GB hard drive, Intel Core-i7 processor, with 8GB RAM.  <answer64061> rEFIt is the best way to allow dual-booting on a Mac. I use it to boot Ubuntu from a partition on my external drive, and it works perfectly. Be sure to back up your hard drive before proceeding.     Install rEFIt and make sure it is working (you should get a boot   chooser on startup) Use Bootcamp or Disk Utility to create a partition   at the end of the disc. Don’t worry about what format, just make it   the size you want for Ubuntu and your swap partition. If you you are   using OS X Lion which comes with Bootcamp 4.0 you will need to use the   Disk Utility. Boot Camp 4.0 will only allow you to resize if you   provide a Windows 7 installation disk. Boot the Ubuntu desktop CD, and   select "Try Ubuntu. Start the partition editor (gparted) under System   - Adminstration. Use gparted to delete the partition you just made in OS X. It should be the last partition on the disc and follows after   the HFS+ partition (OS X). Deleting it will leave an area called   unallocated. This is free space, and exactly what you want. Use   gparted to manually partition the space on your drive for Ubuntu.   First create a SWAP area of about 1GB. Then the rest of the   unallocated area format as EXT4. Apply changes and take note the label   of the EXT4 partition such as /dev/sda3.      Start the Ubuntu Installer from the desktop icon. When prompted,   choose to manually partition. Select the EXT4 partition and click   change. Select to use the space as EXT4 and root (/) as the mount   point. You will also want to check the box to format the partition.    Reboot when done with the install, and in the rEFIt menu, choose the   partition tool. It will attempt to sync the partition tables on your   disk. Then SHUTDOWN the computer (not reboot), and start it again. You   should be able to boot to Ubuntu now. If it seems to freeze on the tux   logo, completely shutdown again and try one more time.   This is a summary of a process described by the detailed how-to process here: https://help.ubuntu.com/community/MactelSupportTeam/AppleIntelInstallation#Detailed_How-To  <comment75208> thank you so much, legendary help <comment75281> no problem; if this worked for you, you can mark my solution as accepted by pressing the check button next to my answer <comment75310> sorry took me a while to figure that out, anyways is 128gb enough for macbook air dual boot with ubuntu? <comment75466> Depends on how much space you wish to reserve for Ubuntu. You can create its partition to whatever size you'd like <comment290134> This answer is a bit dated as *rEFIt* is not maintained anymore (and wouldn't directly work on recent Macs).