MacBook Pro crashes frequently <body> I am currently facing severe issues with my MacBook Pro (Mid 2010) and my intuition tells me that it is probably a hardware problem only hard to fix. After all, I have used my machine for roughly six and a half years now. However, I want to make sure that I've tried anything not too complicated before going for a new one.  The chronology of the issues reads as follows: First, my WiFi broke down. There was just the "No hardware installed" message, when clicking the icon in the menu bar. A few days after, the screen started flickering (turning black for up to a second or two) and my external monitor seemed to loose signal from time to time as well. Again a few days later my MacBook started crashing. That could be twice within 5 or less minutes but sometimes it seems to run fine for a few hours even. This is the point where I am at right now. Sometimes, after a crash, when rebooting, the machine doesn't boot normally but instead shows me a screen where I could change my password.  What I've tried so far is switching users (which obviously had no effect) and resetting the SMC and PRAM. From what I can tell, my USB ports work fine. If this really is a hardware problem, which at this point seems to be the case with overwhelming probability, those measures are doomed to fail anyways.  My configuration is the following:  ul liMacBoook Pro (15-inch, Mid 2010)/li li2.66 Ghz Intel Core i7/li li8 GB 1067 MHz DDR3/li liNVIDIA GeForce GT 330M 512 MB and Intel HD Graphics 288 MB/li li512 GB SSD/li /ul  I run macOS Sierra (10.12). RAM and SSD are non-stock and I upgraded a while ago, say half a year back or even a bit longer.  An odd thing I stumbled across is that my CPU gets quite hot even under negligible load. For example, it was up to 80째C when just surfing the web yesterday (Safari with a few tabs open). The regular temperature under no load seems to be around 60-65째C, however, it can easily reach up to 90째C or even 100째C for no apparent reason. To me, this seems to be too much, even given the hardware's age.  In order to provide full detail, you can find a full crash report attached with the following link: http://pastebin.com/kStRYVuw  I don't always get these reports upon a crash, but I was able to snatch one yesterday. Unfortunately, I have no idea what causes the Read Error that seems to be the problem.  If any of you guys has an idea as to what I still could try before getting rid of my MacBook, I would appreciate it a great deal if you would share your thoughts.  Thanks.  <comment324402> That looks like a GPU panic meaning there could be trouble with your graphics chip.  Have you tried running [Apple Hardware Test (AHT)](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201257)?  Hold the D key while booting from a powered off state with the AC adapter connected. <comment324418> On the off-chance that you can't get AHT to start as per Allan's suggestion, you can also try running it from the internet by holding both the Option and D keys down while booting up. Another thing to try is booting into Safe Mode. You can do this by holding the Shift key down during startup. <comment324617> Can't even get into AHT. Neither directly nor via the internet.