How do I insert a row into numbers, in just one column <body> How do I insert a row in one column only. By moving the current data down and inserting a row above it. I don't want to insert a row across the entire spreadsheet - just that column.  <answer170679> In excel it is no brainier, just use copy and Insert and it will asks you to move that row up or down.  In Numbers I found this answer here.     Numbers and Excel are built on different frameworks in the sense that   an Excel table/spreadsheet is virtually boundless and Numbers tables   are finite and generally only as large as the data requires. Pushing   some cells out of the way to make room for others has greater   implications in Numbers, and it is left to the user to make room by   moving the cells manually. I once counted mouse clicks to achieve the   insertion in Numbers vs. Excel and the difference was small to none.   Yes, Excel will move cells for you, but not until you tell it which   way to move them. With Numbers you just do it yourself.      There's a nifty command pair in Numbers that helps with the job. It is   +Mark for Move+ and Move.      Select the cells to be moved, Edit  Mark for Move, click to select   the cell where you want the upper left cell of the range to move to   and then Edit  Move.   <answer235637> From Numbers help:     Move rows and columns within a table Select one or more rows or   columns.      Do any of the following:      Move rows: After selecting the rows, click and hold the row numbers   until the rows appear to rise off the table, then drag them above or   below another row.      Move columns: After selecting the columns, click and hold the column   letters until the columns appear to rise off the table, then drag them   to the right or left of another column.      Tip: If you drag rows or columns outside of an existing table, you   create a new table with them.   This has plagued me for ages and I took to forums to unsuccessfully find the answer, till I finally used the help function found in Numbers.  <comment372298> Gone in the current version. :(