Control MacBook Pro without access to a mouse or keyboard <body> OK, my macbook's battery is swelling and I have lost the use of my mouse and keyboard. To make matters worse, I'm in rural Indonesia and no immediate access to a USB mouse and keyboard. I do, however, have a Nexus 7, cubot Android phone, iPhone 6, and iPad pro (with duet) loaded, also my wife's MacBook pro.  If I had access to the computer for even 3 seconds, I could wake it up and use to duet to install TeamViewer or any number of drivers for apps on the iphone, iPad or Android devices to act as mouse and keyboard.  Does anyone have any ideas on how I can use one of my devices to wake up the computer and enter the password without downloading and installing anything on the computer - just to regain access long enough to install a driver for something more permanent?  Thanks!  <comment309802> The power button doesn't work?  What model MBs do you and your wife have (be as specific as possible).  Do you have access to a screwdriver to open them up? <comment309803> Yes, the bottom is open now. I tried connecting and disconnecting the keyboard. I can't check the model number but it's an early 2015 MacBook pro, 128 GB SSD retina, 8 GB of RAM. <comment309804> The power button DOES work, but it's he only button that seems to work. <comment309805> If both are the same, then you are in business.   Swap drives, boot your wife's computer, install your remote control software and when finished, return them to their original machines.  BTW, you should be able to boot your MB without the battery.  If you remove it, does the keyboard work or is damaged beyond repair? <comment309808> Great suggestion! My wife is using her computer right now and won't hand it over lol..but I'll try when I can. The battery is glued in, so I can't remove it (or haven't tried hard enough), but unplugging it, the comouter still works. <comment309811> Ah, I see what you're getting at there..my keyboard might work if I remove the battery. When I unplug it, everything gets slower is the only problem, but it might work long enough just to install the right driver. <comment309815> Bingo.  You could even try setting up your MBP so your wife's Mac can boot in Target Disk Mode as well. <comment309829> You do not have to remove your wife's hard drive. just remove yours and put it in a hard drive dock connected to your wife's and then boot to it. <comment309840> Do you have ssh (remote access) enabled on your Mac? <comment309872> Her computer is actually a gear older than mine and apparently has different sized screws...unless I'm a total dunce. I can't  it up with the set I have. No, no ssh enabled. The only thing left to try that I can think of is removing the battery, which I think is going to take an afternoon. <comment309873> I set up an aws windows server, and I'm remote controlling it from my iPad for work right now. This is less than ideal.