Can't Delete Calendars <body> I'm having a bad time trying to delete a subscribed calendar. I am running OSX 10.8.4 on my iMac and IOS 6 on iPhone and iPad. Whenever I delete this calendar it reappears, usually within a few seconds. I have tried deleting from each device and from iCloud, without success. Any thoughts or suggestions would be most welcome.   <answer96267> Assuming you use iCal (not specified in your question), then the Subscribed calender should appear under subscriptions.  UN-checking them will stop showing them.  If you trying to completely remove them then Right Click on the calender and Delete in the Pop up.  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/zWd6m.png" alt="enter image description here"  hr  If above fails lets do the "brutal" method:  ol liFirst make an iCal backup:  Click on each calendar on the left hand side of iCal one at a time highlighting it's name and then going to File Export  Export and saving the resulting calendar file to a logical location for safekeeping./li liGo to iCal  Quit iCal/li liRemove the following to the trash and restart your computer:/li /ol     Home  Library  Caches  com.apple.ical      Home  Library  Calendars  Calendar Cache, Cache, Cache 1, 2, 3,   etc. (Do not remove Sync Cache or Theme Cache if present)   Launch iCal and test.  If the issue still persists at this point:  Remove the following to the trash and restart your computer:     Home  Library  Caches  com.apple.ical      Home  Library  Calendars  Calendar Cache, Cache, Cache 1, 2, 3,   etc. (strongDo not remove Sync Cache or Theme Cache if present/strong)      Home  Library  Preferences  com.apple.ical (There may be more than   one of these. Remove them all.)   ---NOTE: Removing these files may remove any shared (CalDAV) calendars you may have access to. You will have to re-add those calendars to iCal  Preferences  Accounts.  <answer234453> I was having this same problem getting rid of old calendars. They kept popping back on. I figured that all of my electronics were back feeding each other. I got the iCloud calendar on my monitor, the calendars on my laptop, iPad and phone all displayed. Then I deleted one calendar from each of them as fast as I could. Then I took the next one and deleted it in sequence as fast as I could. They are gone and have not reappeared. I hope this works for others.  <comment112927> Do those calendars belong to you (that is, did you create them) or are they subscribed calendars? Have you tried deleting them from https://www.icloud.com? <comment112991> Thanks for your comment, Jaume. I have clarified the question (see above) It is a subscribed calendar. And yes, I have repeatedly deleted it from my iCloud account, but it still returns. <comment113000> What is the original source of the calender. ie Google calender, Mac calender, Outlook calender...others... ? <comment113002> How are you trying to delete the subscribed calendar? <comment113019> Thanks so much @Buscar and patrix for these responses. Original source of the subscribed calendar was iCal, it was created by me some years ago as a course calendar when I was an academic. I am now retired and the calendar is administered by my replacement at the university. I have repeatedly tried deleting the calendar (edit  delete) on each of my devices. I have tried switching off iCloud syncing of calendars on each device, deleting the calendar from iCloud, then renewing iCloud calendar sync. Nothing works! <comment113020> Thanks, Buscar, for this detailed information. I have tried the normal deletion method, with a few tweaks (see my comment above) and will now proceed to your 'brutal' method with the cache files. I have no other shared or subscribed calendars — in retirement, I am pleased to be able to manage on my Personal calendar only. Will let you know whether it works. Regards.