how to by pass AppStore for distributing IOS Apps <body> after spending one Saturday searching the internet, i came a cross another guy who hustled like me. here is a link to his post: Remotely distribute an iOS app compiled in Xcode 7 without App Store, developer program sub, or jailbreak?  i am an app developer by hobby and i am not a professional programmer i also have Apple dev ID and everything.  the idea come from; when one of my friend, who own a local business was interesting in make an app for his market, so he can post about his products and eventually alert his customer by push notification about new collection &amp; products. he though that it could be a nice and new model for his business. he already had a site with wordpress ready and i made api and push notification for him and now he has his android app on his site ready for download.  the problem is with the IOS App as it seems to be almost impossible to distribute .ipa with out Appstore. however my friend was not interested to take the risk of getting an apple dev. id and his app might not get approved.  and also he was thinking of testing this new business model with his clients before committing to a dev. ID   so after an intensive search i found that website like vShare.com have a way of installing app on strongnon/strong jailbroken IOS devices, even though most of their apps are cracked, but i found that they are using some kind of strongenterprise provisioning/strong profile that you have to trust moon your IOS device. Mine is on iOS 9.2.1 as of today.  i also noticed that there where some apps that they were in Arabic and other languages and i couldn't find them on the app store, which they got installed on my device without any problem, well except the fact that you have to accept their prove.profile.  i have also read that using enterprise prove.profile publicly might not be ok, and you might lose your dev id.  so far i don't know how they do it over strongvShare.com/strong any ideas?  it would be nice to be able to distribute iOS Apps over websites that could work with any iOS devices.  <comment280922> Why are you not using your Apple dev ID to upload his app to the store? You could sign a contract stating that it's his app and not yours and all that legal stuff <comment280947> Sign a contract with my friend ? You mean ? <comment280997> Yes. Even if it is your friend and you accept to "lend" him your ID, you should have some kind of written statement, for your and his sake. Stating that he has no rights to the account and you have no rights to the app or such things