How to handle 'trigger happy' ApplePay purchases on a website? <body> emNote: I'm talking about the usability of the new ApplePayJS functionality - within Safari and not within an App./em  When you click on an Apple Pay button on your website you MUST show the payment sheet (the Apple dialog where you select a credit card and then pay with your fingerprint). This is perfectly reasonable for a usability standpoint and I think deviating from it is very bad.  Their ApplePayJS keynote presentation proudly shows a page of products with ApplePay buttons under each product (around 33m 20s). You click, authenticate and you're done. That's awesome.  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/BoN3N.png" alt="enter image description here"  BUT  They haven't issued any technical or practical guidance on how to handle a user wanting to buy TWO products. Either TWO of the same thing or two DIFFERENT things.  Sure you can add to cart and click the primary 'Apple Pay' checkout button but I can't expect my customers to know that's how it works. Am I supposed to just do an credit card 'authorization' and only 'capture' it 10 minutes later if they don't add anything else?   Alternatively I could only use an ApplePay icon at checkout and put 'Now accepting Apple Pay' icons everywhere?  It seems to me to be a huge headache that they haven't addressed. Why isn't there a 'Keep shopping' button on the ApplePay sheet that comes up? I absolutely guarantee that when I activate this they will be 10 times as many order cancellation emails a day because people want to add another item.  Sure, some websites are just out to sell a single product but it seems to be a huge oversight in usability that's just going to cause big headaches for our customer service team.  <comment314460> Can you simplify your question to only 1 issue?  You have questions in here that only Apple can address and you risk being closed as off-topic. <comment314488> You can't expect your customers to understand how an Add to Cart  View Cart  Checkout flow works? Surely I'm missing something here. Many, many eCommerce sites have "Buy Instantly" and "Add to Cart" buttons right next to each other. For those that don't, you add item(s) to a cart and then choose your payment method at that point. Having a banner or button or something that says "Now accepting Apple Pay" would be nice, but in the end Apple Pay is a payment method. Your website accepts whatever payment methods it accepts and it's simply another option when the customer goes to check out. <comment314490> @tubedogg If you watch their keynote speech they literally put ApplePay buttons under each product on a product grid. You click it you buy it. Their example was a dog clothing store (IIRC). But what if you have two dogs?  They do provide assets for 'Now accepting Apple Pay' but I'd really like to put Apple Pay buttons on my homepage that are clickable. <comment314491> Just because Apple gave an example of a "buy instantly" store does not mean that if you choose to instead use a cart to handle multiple items, your customers will suddenly forget the cart metaphor they've been using for the past 15 years on the web. (Unless you're selling to web/Mac developers, it's extremely likely none of them have seen the video.) I'm still not understanding what your issue is. Why do you think your customers won't be able to understand how to add to a shopping cart? What is so different about Apple Pay that you think for consumers it won't be just another payment method? <comment314977> @tubedogg Apple Pay is completely new and novel in Safari right now. I'm not saying nobody will realize they can still 'add, add, add, then pay'- but I am expecting a much higher incidence of cancellation requests or complicated 'can you combine my order' requests. I want the convenience of one-click ordering (Apple incidentally had to pay Amazon to use their patent here) without the customer service issues. I wish at the very least Apple had added a 'Continue shopping' button option. I suppose I'm not really expecting to get any advice from Apple but trying to see what others are doing. <comment315021> One-click ordering means one item, even on Amazon. They have a set period (30 min I think) during which any orders placed will be combined, then they start on fulfillment. You could do the same - on the post-click confirmation screen, tell users that all orders placed in X period are held and combined, and anything after that cannot be combined. It will still result in multiple transactions on your end, and you would need to set up a server-side method of combining orders, but that would be about the only way I see to let the user use one-click and still use multiple items. <comment315024> I just saw the screenshot. They also have an add to cart button for cases where someone wants to buy more than one thing. Given that, add a note at the top of the page: "Clicking the Apple Pay [image] button will purchase that item. Click Add to Cart to purchase more than one time. During checkout, you can still use Apple Pay or X, Y, Z other payment methods."