After reset my Macbook Pro has 10 GB of space rather new, just turned on, only 2 GB. Why? <body> I bought a few days ago the new MacBook PRO 13" 2015 and I am comfortable with it enough (except some minor lag while using Chrome or with Screen Reduction, but I'm waiting the new OS).  strongPROLOGUE/strong: Mac had just the system installed (OS YOSEMITE), I initially configured the account, the filevault I left everything as it was and then something happened: the next day I changed the password to my account with another PC (I had left the check which allows me to log into the computer with the Apple ID) and asked me to log in twice and the second time I did not take the new password in any way. So, I looked everywhere, but nothing, I reset using the procedure by pressing Command-R at startup. The Macbook downloaded the software and installed it in about an hour. Great!  strongTHE PROBLEM/strong: Before the reset I used "Disk utility" for initialize the disk. It told me they were busy (just took the computer, only configured and login a couple of times) only a couple of GB. That is, it said me: free space 248 GB or 247 GB that are available for up to 250 (so, just two / three GB).   After the initialize (like here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CE05PY75mW0) and installation I restarted in recovery mode and I saw that it has occupied for 10 GB.   strongWhy? Why? Why?/strong  Are the installation files? Can I delete them now that you have installed and I do not need any more?  How? Where?  Thank you.  <comment238515> the Yosemite Installer is about 5.5 GB <comment238516> @Buscar웃, ok, so how to delete that files? <comment238517> It is in your Download folder or in your Applications folder. Normally that file deletes it self after successful install. <comment238519> But why 10GB of installation and when the Mac is new just 2 or 3 GB? I can find files in my download folder. <comment238528> You are confusing me, so let me try to say what I read. You got a new Mac with Yosemite. The you enabled Filevault for your disk (that process took a while and now you have a password to unlock it). The next sentence I do not understand "the next day I changed the password to my account with another PC??" what is that ? Next you did the complete restore (since you could not login) by erasing the disk and using the Internet recovery (watching some Youtube video how to!)?