Installing Mavericks on a new Mac Mini (end 2014) shipped with Yosemite pre-installed? <body> Excuse me for my english, I'm french and I try to find a solution for my new Mac Mini buy in December. My new Mac Mini it's configured with Yosemite 10.10.0. and it's a problem for me because I use some professional music software like Cubase Elements 7 or Studio One 2, it's not compatible for the moment with Yosmeite. I want to downgrade and I read your post and I'm in panic because I view that not possible to downgrade my new Mac Mini in OSX Mavericks. I have created a external bootable usb key with a Mavericks in my other Mac. When i restart on my usb key bootable, appear this symbol   img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/L2JaQ.png" alt="enter image description here"  It's the kernel panic when I try to boot on the usb key. I think it's mean it's not possible to downgrade on Mavericks with this New Mac Mini (end 2014) ?  Actually I'm in OSX 10.10.1, it's possible that the problem come because I'm in this version ?  Thanks for your help and your answers...  <answer162548> When installing OS X, it automatically check if you qualify for the update with the apple servers (OS X 10.8 and above i think). That is why you can't downgrade OS X by installing older software. I do not know if there's a workaround for it, but I also can't imagine downgrading to OS X 10.9 Maverick from OS X 10.10 Yosemite  <answer162549> The general rule is, you cannot instal an OS on a Mac that is older than the Mac itself.br See Don't install a version of Mac OS X earlier than what came with your Mac  That said, Cubase 7 should run OK on Yosemite, though you will need the Steinberg Installer patch. I don't know Studio One 2 so I can't say on that.br Google did find this from Presonus about it.  strongemEdit:/em/strong I also found this, officially qualifying Studio One 2.6.4 as Yosemite-compatible  <comment190090> The reason is far simpler than that. The old OS doesn't have drivers for the new hardware. <comment190092> You would need to completely wipe the hard drive and start over.