Am I welcome to drop-off a dead MacBook battery at an Apple Store? <body> On this Apple page about recycling batteries, Apple offers to send a mailer for returning a depleted battery for recycling.  Can I instead simply drop off the battery at an Apple Store retail location? Do they accept batteries for responsible recycling? Or would the staff refuse it? Or would they accept the battery merely to humor me before dropping it in the trash?  <comment341882> Why not just ring Apple and ask? The answer could differ depending on location. <comment341883> @Little.Eden ?? Apple has very strict uniform corporate standards and policies across all the Apple Store locations. <comment341885> Some jurisdictions have very strict laws about battery disposal, so the policy could differ depending on location. In some countries these laws differ by municipality. <comment341888> @BasilBourque Little.Eden does actually have a point. For example, I'm based in Australia and Apple may have one policy here that differs totally from what they have in the US or UK or Japan or Germany or France, etc. So you really should check with your local store or contact Apple, or at the very least edit your question to advise your location so someone in the same location may be able to answer. <comment341897> I understand, point taken. I did indeed bring a battery to an Apple Store in the United States. After dealing with three puzzled employees in succession they did end up accepting the battery. But I left the store with the suspicion that the battery was indeed headed to the dumpster per the last sentence of my Question. Hence my query as to whether Apple has a policy on this issue and if those employees were uninformed. <comment341940> @Basil Bourque, You could have simply asked to talk to the store manager for an authoritative answer if the regular employes were unaware/unsure of the policy! That said, the fact that the repair technicians at the Apple Stores deal regularly with e-waste, I'd imagine that the battery would get disposed of properly.