How to view an app's user license agreement? <body> How can I view an iPhone app's user license agreement? I'd like to know the answer to the general case, but also specifically concerning this app.  <answer281618> The way that the license agreements appear differs between developers.  Here is an example of it being contained at the links at the bottom at the page of the app in the app store (iOS):  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/nJNII.png" alt="links"  On the Mac, it is on the left sidebar:  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/NEAj5.png" alt="mac liscence"  Another one with the links in the description:  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/yrsRU.png" alt="description"  If an App is available through the App Store and it doesn't have a EULA, then the default App EULA in the App Store Terms and Conditions will apply, which is:      Apps made available through the App Store are licensed, not sold, to   you. Your license to each App is subject to your prior acceptance of   either this Licensed Application End User License Agreement (“Standard   EULA”), or a custom end user license agreement between you and the   Application Provider (“Custom EULA”), if one is provided. Your license   to any Apple App under this Standard EULA or Custom EULA is granted by   Apple, and your license to any Third Party App under this Standard   EULA or Custom EULA is granted by the Application Provider of that   Third Party App. Any App that is subject to this Standard EULA is   referred to herein as the “Licensed Application.” The Application   Provider or Apple as applicable (“Licensor”) reserves all rights in   and to the Licensed Application not expressly granted to you under   this Standard EULA.      a. Scope of License: Licensor grants to you a nontransferable license   to use the Licensed Application on any Apple-branded products that you   own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules. The terms of this   Standard EULA will govern any content, materials, or services   accessible from or purchased within the Licensed Application as well   as upgrades provided by Licensor that replace or supplement the   original Licensed Application, unless such upgrade is accompanied by a   Custom EULA. Except as provided in the Usage Rules, you may not   distribute or make the Licensed Application available over a network   where it could be used by multiple devices at the same time. You may   not transfer, redistribute or sublicense the Licensed Application and,   if you sell your Apple Device to a third party, you must remove the   Licensed Application from the Apple Device before doing so. You may   not copy (except as permitted by this license and the Usage Rules),   reverse-engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of,   modify, or create derivative works of the Licensed Application, any   updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent that   any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or to the   extent as may be permitted by the licensing terms governing use of any   open-sourced components included with the Licensed Application).      b. Consent to Use of Data: You agree that Licensor may collect and use   technical data and related information—including but not limited to   technical information about your device, system and application   software, and peripherals—that is gathered periodically to facilitate   the provision of software updates, product support, and other services   to you (if any) related to the Licensed Application. Licensor may use   this information, as long as it is in a form that does not personally   identify you, to improve its products or to provide services or   technologies to you.      c. Termination. This Standard EULA is effective until terminated by   you or Licensor. Your rights under this Standard EULA will terminate   automatically if you fail to comply with any of its terms.      d. External Services. The Licensed Application may enable access to   Licensor’s and/or third-party services and websites (collectively and   individually, "External Services"). You agree to use the External   Services at your sole risk. Licensor is not responsible for examining   or evaluating the content or accuracy of any third-party External   Services, and shall not be liable for any such third-party External   Services. Data displayed by any Licensed Application or External   Service, including but not limited to financial, medical and location   information, is for general informational purposes only and is not   guaranteed by Licensor or its agents. You will not use the External   Services in any manner that is inconsistent with the terms of this   Standard EULA or that infringes the intellectual property rights of   Licensor or any third party. You agree not to use the External   Services to harass, abuse, stalk, threaten or defame any person or   entity, and that Licensor is not responsible for any such use.   External Services may not be available in all languages or in your   Home Country, and may not be appropriate or available for use in any   particular location. To the extent you choose to use such External   Services, you are solely responsible for compliance with any   applicable laws. Licensor reserves the right to change, suspend,   remove, disable or impose access restrictions or limits on any   External Services at any time without notice or liability to you.      e. NO WARRANTY: Licensor will use reasonable care and skill with   respect to the provision of the Licensed Application and any External   Services performed or provided by the Licensed Application to you.   Licensor does not make any other promises or warranties about the   External Services and in particular does not warrant that:      (i) your used of the External Services will be uninterrupted or   error-free;      (ii) the External Services will be free from loss, corruption, attack,   viruses, interference, hacking, or other security intrusion, and   Licensor disclaims any liability relating thereto. You shall be   responsible for backing up your own system, including any Licensed   Application that is stored on your system.      f. Limitation of Liability.      (i) Except as set out in section (ii) hereunder, in no case shall   Licensor, its directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents,   contractors, principals or licensors be liable for any loss or damage   caused by Licensor, its employees or agents where:      (1) there is no breach of a legal duty of care owed to you by Licensor   or by any of its employees or agents;      (2) it is not a reasonably foreseeable result of any such breach;      (3) any increase in loss or damage results from breach by you of any   term of this End User Licence Agreement ("Agreement");      (4) it results from a decision by Licensor to warn you, to suspend or   terminate your access to the External Services, or to take any other   action during the investigation of a suspected violation or as a   result of Licensor’s conclusion that a violation of this Agreement has   occurred;      (5) it relates to loss of income, business or profits, or any loss or   corruption of data in connection with your use of the Licensed   Application.      (ii) Nothing in this Agreement removes or limits Licensor’s liability   for fraud, gross negligence, wilful misconduct, or for death or   personal injury caused by its negligence.      g. You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the Licensed   Application except as authorized by United States law and the laws of   the jurisdiction in which the Licensed Application was obtained. In   particular, but without limitation, the Licensed Application may not   be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S.-embargoed countries or   (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated   Nationals List or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons List   or Entity List. By using the Licensed Application, you represent and   warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such   list. You also agree that you will not use these products for any   purposes prohibited by United States law, including, without   limitation, the development, design, manufacture, or production of   nuclear, missile, or chemical or biological weapons.      h. The Licensed Application and related documentation are "Commercial   Items", as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of   "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software   Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48   C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or   48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the   Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software   Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only   as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to   all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.   Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United   States.      i. Except to the extent expressly provided in the following paragraph,   this Agreement and the relationship between you and Apple shall be   governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding its   conflicts of law provisions. You and Apple agree to submit to the   personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the   county of Santa Clara, California, to resolve any dispute or claim   arising from this Agreement. If (a) you are not a U.S. citizen; (b)   you do not reside in the U.S.; (c) you are not accessing the Service   from the U.S.; and (d) you are a citizen of one of the countries   identified below, you hereby agree that any dispute or claim arising   from this Agreement shall be governed by the applicable law set forth   below, without regard to any conflict of law provisions, and you   hereby irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the   courts located in the state, province or country identified below   whose law governs:      If you are a resident of any European Union country or Switzerland,   Norway or Iceland, the governing law and forum shall be the laws and   courts of your usual place of residence.      Specifically excluded from application to this Agreement is that law   known as the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of   Goods.   It seems that your app uses the default EULA.  <comment354333> Thanks. You wrote: 'Here is an example of it being contained at the links at the bottom'. The bottom of what? <comment354334> Sorry for not being clear enough, I was talking about the page of the app <comment354335> You mean the app's page in iTunes or Apple Store? <comment354336> Yes, I was talking about that, but it is for App Store on the iPhone only, not the Mac App Store <comment354338> Thanks. Another point: the default App EULA you linked to is UK-specific, as indicated by the following sentence in the first section, 'A, INTRODUCTION TO OUR SERVICES': "By creating an account for use of the Services in the United Kingdom you are specifying that as your country of residence for tax purposes (“Home Country”), and our Services are available for your use in your Home Country." Where can I find the default EULA for other countries?