iPhone 6 10.3.2 restore stuck at spinnning wheel and apple logo <body> I bought a used iphone 6 hoping to fix it. When I try to restore using iTunes, 3utools or Dr.fone, following happens:  ol liWhen phone is turned on it always goes into Restore Mode automatically. /li liI connect it to the computer (directly, no USB Hub) using an orginal apple cable. /li liiTunes, 3uTools and Dr.fone all recognize the phone. I can click restore and it will start the process. Very early in the process, after "Firmware/Software" is extracted, the phone restarts for the installation. However, at this point the phone crashed, it gets to the apple logo and a frozen spinning wheel. iTunes will get stuck on "waiting for iphone", the other two tools will just fail./li /ol  Here is what I have tried so far:  ol liChanged the battery. I removed the battery inside and replaced it with one from GadFull. Same result./li liI removed the screen/display entirely and tried it blind. Same result. (I have not replaced the screen, didnt think that was necessary. /li liI have tried the restore starting from DFU mode aswell, same result once the phone restarts. /li liIn the beginning I used a amazonbasics cable to connect it to the computer. Then I bought an original cable, and on the first connection it did NOT freeze up at the spinning wheel, the "waiting for iphone" changed in itunes and it actually started installing something, on the phone a progress bar appeared instead of the spinning wheel. After it completed it rebooted automatically and got stuck at the logo+spinning wheel again. I tried to restore again, and again it wouldnt go past the spinning wheel (stuck at "waiting for iphone")./li liI tried a different computer. I ve been doing it on a PC (win10 64-bit), I also tried a Macbook pro with the same itunes version. Everything is up to date on both computers. At the mac, itunes doesnt even show any progress bar, once I click update/restore nothing happens./li /ol  What else can be broken? Is there anything else I can replace (hardware) that might fix it? Im pretty supprised that nothing helps, wouldnt have thought that a software problem can simply not be fixed.  