iMac crashing anytime USB 3 hard disk connected <body> My late 2012, 27 inch iMac (32gb RAM) is running the latest OSX 10.12.1  I have to admit it is left turned on the majority of the time, and several months ago (maybe over a year now) it began refusing to wake from a sleep state 50% of the time.  This developed in to it refusing to wake 95% of the time as the weeks went on, and I would have to hold the power button to switch it off and restart it.  I solved this by telling it to never sleep, and that seemed to be the less than ideal solution. Problem solved!  A few months later it began failing to boot, especially after a power cut which is something we see quite often where I live.  It would boot to a grey screen with a black apple logo and a progress bar that would fill to 100% and then it would just sit there for literally days (yes I tried leaving it that long just in case).  Sometimes the solution to this was to turn it off and on a few times, other times it would take booting in to safe mode to get it to boot and then restarting normally to get things back to the way they should be.  Sadly sometimes (especially after power cuts) it would scan the hard disk and say something was in need of fixing, then fix it successfully but still refuse to boot.  The only way around it was a full time machine restore, and sometimes I had to boot from Apples servers as it wouldn't even offer me repair options without that.  Recently I accidentally discovered that when the screen was showing a 100% progress bar and staying that way, it was actually showing a password screen "behind" the grey screen.  I caught the return key and it played the error noise as if I entered an incorrect password.  I tried typing my password and hitting return and sure enough the hard drive went crazy as if it was logging in, then I heard my spoken reminders being read out etc, all while still seeing just the grey screen and progress bar.  I left it for hours and nothing changed.  Since then I discovered that removing my USB3 hard disk that I use for time machine now solves the problem of the grey screen at boot.  It moves past that and boots fine when the disk is not connected.  Problem solved?  This week I found out that once the iMac is booted and being used as normal, if I connect any (tried a few) USB3 hard drive it crashes within seconds and restarts.  Any help or suggestions much appreciated. (Sorry for the long history but I feel it's all related)  Thanks  