OS X Server Jabber service - No Groups <body> I recently added two users to our 10.9.5 server (Server 3.2.2) and encountered weirdness in their Jabber settings.   The accounts are listed in their respective groups; and those groups have "Make group members buddies" checked.  The accounts have the correct service accesses checked as their groupmates.   One is running Yosemite, one El Cap. Both are updated to their current system specs.  Both are logged in using the OS X Server setup configuration in Internet Accounts.  Last month I added a user to the same group as the El Cap user with no problems. (Also an El Cap machine).  Here's what's happening -   Yosemite mac - Messages says "offline" and shows offline to others even when user changes to "available".   The buddies list is populated with the correct group mates, but they are not in the pane for the group, which is empty; they are grouped at the bottom of the list. The are all grayed out and show "waiting for authorization".   User can request authorization, and after doing so, the buddy will move to the correct group.   However, this does not survive a restart (app quit yes, but not a machine restart).   El Cap user - even weirder.   No buddies show up AT ALL.   I can drag contacts onto the buddy list and request authorization. After authorization, they become available, but do NOT move to their correct group.  And like the Yosemite user nothing survives restart.  What I've tried -   Delete the OS X Server user account on the Macs in question.  Login through same mechanism (Internet Accounts) to a known, good account in the same group.  Works perfectly. Buddies are listed automatically, as available and without an "authorization needed" tag.   Delete problematic account(s) on the Server. Reboot, set up again.   Still no love for these 2 accounts on their respective Macs.   Any ideas?   MacPro 4,1, 32 gb RAM. 10.9.5, Server 3.2.2.   Other services (all working correctly) are VPN and group TM. Also Software Update, Caching, DNS (local only), and of course Open Directory.   Ideas would be much appreciated!  TIA,   Tony 