On iPad , clicking yes to a pop-up, any risk or consequence? <body> I read a few similar questions but no answer to mine, actually...  I use the iPad 2 mostly for Internet surfing and don't have many apps, all of them come from the App Store. I don't visit unsafe pages but do online shopping. This morning, I opened many Internet pages while doing a little research. One of the webpages opened another one and everything was grey, all I could do was click "OK" to the question. It was something like "Your Facebook account won a prize, click here..." I wasn't even logged in Facebook. I unsuccessfully tried to turn down every Safari page, then turned off the iPad, then turned it on again. Here is my mistake : thinking that the mere presence of the pop up could be a threat, I wanted to get rid off it and clicked OK but fastly closed the pages and erased the Safari history in Settings. Half an hour after I blocked any cookie. So I clicked yes to the pop up, but didn't enter any credit card info or password on any other page. I thought everything was OK then, but reading the forums scared me! Still, my question is : does the iPad or my identity run any risk, just because I clicked yes? What do you suggest? For now I turned it off. The only connected thing to the iPad is my boyfriend's iCloud, but in fact he doesn't use it, he was just playing with the different setting options when we bought the iPad... Now I'm afraid to use it in case going on my email account, Facebook or any shopping site could ruin my sleep then my entire life... lol... thank you very much for your advice!!!  <answer188441> Is it safe to continue using your iPad - you should be fine. Any attempt for one App to access data from another has to go through Apple's security - which will pop up a clear message to you asking if you want to allow it and will always give a cancel button. So this grey popup was not accessing your e-mails or other personal data - probably just trying to direct you to another web page. Any viruses or the like are highly unlikely to affect your iPad as they generally target PCs or Android devices as Apple's products are pretty secure, particularly if you keep iOS up to date.  For future reference, if you ever want to kill an app: double click the Home button, swipe left or right until you see the app you want to kill and then swipe it upwards. Try it to see how it works - you may lose some info (e.g. the web page your are on) but otherwise can restart the App as normal with a clean slate.  <comment223014> Thanks for the tip... I read much about the iOS supremacy when it comes to threats, however it seems that it's "less true" that it used to be and sometimes I still wonder if we should start use anti-malware and that sort of stuff on iPad... <comment223223> Maybe that is your boyfriend's account (if he has a Facebook account) and you got blocked from it. <comment223224> Whenever I download an app, it also goes to my sister. <comment223225> You can always restart Safari and bookmark your history. <comment223226> You and ur sister is using the same apple id thats why !