Are old unused macbook batteries ok? <body> I'm considering buying a Geniuine Apple Macbook Pro (2007) battery on ebay.  This is NOT an OEM knockoff, and the battery is still sealed in original plastic, but I have no idea when the battery was manufactured.  If the battery was made, say 5 years ago, is it likely to perform almost as well as one that was recently manufacurerd?  <answer79795> The answer is it depends. strikeOne factor is how many charge cycles have already been used. Under Apple - About This Mac, click the More Info button. There is a way to get a system hardware report, which includes battery information. 1,000 is the general rule of thumb for maximum cycle count.  My MacBook Pro that I bought in October has 25 cycles on its battery.  The question is whether you can find this out before you buy it./strike  Can't delete my answer since I'm new here, but I missed a very important piece of information.  Anything else I might say in terms of what to expect from an older battery would be mostly speculation.  <answer79796> The short answer would be no. A 5 y.o. battery won't last as long as a new(er) one. However, depending on if the original owner followed Apple's care instructions, and it doesn't have a high cycle count, it may not be much lower.  A lot of it depends on the care the battery was given. If the battery has just been sitting in a box this whole time, it's performance may be lower. Batteries need their "juices" (electrons) flowing in order for them to stay healthy.   On the other hand you have cycle count. A battery only can handle so many cycles before it wears out. Simply put, the higher the cycle count, the lower the performance.  Apple recommends storing a battery at 50% for extended periods of time. If it's fully charged or discharged when stored, this will again affect battery life.  Here is a comprehensive guide to Apple notebook batteries.  Of course, all this doesn't count any engineering changes that may have been made for the better in newer batteries.  <comment92084> Well batteries age. A battery that is 5 years old won't be as performant as a brand new one (assuming they use the same technology) <comment92090> the OP stated that it's still in the original sealed package, thus no cycles. <comment92091> Just to clarify, by "original plastic", does that mean "retail packaging" or are you referring to the battery casing itself?