iMovie cannot load Sony-MPEG videos <body> I recently moved from Windows to OS X, so maybe I'm asking a frequently-asked question. But I did some googling and didn't find a solution yet.  I have a lot of videos on my drive from my SONY camera. The format is MPEG-2 Sony, which is not a standard MPEG-2 format.  How can I use these videos and import them on iMovie? Could QuickTime MPEG-2 Playback Component for Mac OS X help me? Or what else could I do?  Thanks everybody!  <answer36180> h3Playing MPEG-2 videos in Quicktime/h3  strongPerian/strong massively extends the amount of  formats Quicktime can play. It's free.  h3Importing MPEG-2 in iMovie/h3  I'm not aware of any solution to that. But strongHandbrake/strong can help you convert that video to a format that works with iMovie (.avi).  <answer36229> if perian doesn't work, you can convert the files with mpeg streamclip and convert the files to quicktime dv or other flavors. just google mpeg streamclip, it`s free  <answer39687> Usually, iMovie does allow the import of MPEG files. However, if MPEG (MPG) files are muxed (multiplexed) MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 video, iMovie will refuse to import the MPEG (MPG) files. Then you need to use some converter software to convert MPEG to iMovie compatible format for use in your iMovie project.  This article, strongwhich recommends my product,/strong will show you how to convert MPEG to iMovie compatible format so as to successfully import MPEG into iMovie, import MPG to iMovie.  How to Import MPEG to iMovie  <answer275742> I recommend Avdshare Video Converter to convert all MPEG-2, MPEG or MPEG-1 from any source to iMovie supported one.  <comment96004> yeah, the method from goodbabywell did solve my problem, a fly in the ointment is the software in your article is shareware with only 5 min free tril. anyway, it is really a good app which also helps me to import my other videos like avi, avchd and etc <comment346913> Hi Keenbeen, welcome to Ask Different. Thank you for your answer. I've added a link to the software you're recommending, however can you shed any more light on your answer? For example, have you actually used it to convert the MPEG-2 Sony format the OP is asking about? Or can you reference anywhere that confirms this? Also, when recommending a product it's best to include a notation as to whether you have any interest (financial or otherwise) in it.