Is there any hash code to activate voice commands - to use with bluetooth radio? <body> I have got Volkswagen RCD510 Bluetooth radio. I'm used to use iPhone voice control (not Siri) with Bluetooth radio in another car. I'm pressing voice button on car steering wheel and iPhone starts to listen.  But in VW voice button activate VW's own voice system, which is useless for me. Main reason is that it's not working with my native language (it does not understand surnames in my language).  So question is. Is there any hash code I can put into car phone book, that is activating voice commands? Like *#06# for checking IMEI number?  <answer158545> Sorry, I'm not bringing a solution, because I don't think there's one. The issue here is the car (as you guessed it), so I don't think you'll find good answers on this forum. However, I think I know enough about cars to tell you that there's no such solution that exists:  If I understand your request correctly, you want to add a hash code to your address book. I assume you'll then call it from the car. The thing is, these hash-codes are based on your operator and phone model, and only have effects on these specific fields. IMEI, for instance, comes from your phone. There are other hash-codes that can enable things like call-forwarding, that relies on the operator support of hash code. But your car doesn't know how to act with hash codes. In fact, it doesn't even interpret any of them.  If a (different) solution to your request were to exist, it would most probably require hardware modifications, because the voice command button was not meant to be configurable. I'd suggest asking to car/bluetooth-radio hardware experts.  I don't own a Volkswagen though, so I might be off on some parts.   <comment186386> I would (also) ask this at a Volkswagen forum. <comment186453> This question appears to be off-topic because it is about non apple hardware. Although the  op speaks about having an iPhone they are looking to modify the use of the Cars phone book  and not the iPhones <comment187120> Question is not off-topic, because I'm looking a workaround in Apple software environment (a workaround independent from car vendor).