How to copy iCloud to a MacOS hard disk <body> Using OS Sierra, I have configured iCloud Drive to include my desktop and documents folders. An iCloud file got corrupted recently and I realized I had no backup of the files on iCloud. So I immediately used the Finder to copy the iCloud files to a folder "iCloud" on an external disk "Data".   I am a novice Applescript user. I wish to write an applescript to update the folder iCloud to keep it synchronized with the Apple iCloud. However, I don't know the correct syntax for accessing the Apple iCloud path. I tried the following but it doesn't quite work; it copies a bunch of strange folders to a new folder "Mobile Documents" on Data.  precodetell application "Finder"  set iCloud to (path to home folder as text) &amp; "Library:Mobile Documents:"  duplicate iCloud to disk "Data" with replacing end tell  /code/pre  <comment372392> Try changing the path, let's use Macintosh HD and matrixbud as the username: Macintosh HD:Users:matrixbud:Library:Mobile Documents: <comment372443> This gave the same result. <comment372446> Also, if I highlight Mobile Documents in the Finder, it show a folder image, not the files in the folder. Yet GetInfo lists Mobile Documents as a folder but doesn't display the usual permissions information. SuperGetInfo says that I am the owner with read-write permissions. This is why I am confused about the path to Apple's iCloud. <comment372447> Yeah, Apple's pathing is really goofy. You could try opening a terminal and dragging the Mobile Documents folder to it, that will hopefully show the real path to it and maybe help resolve the issue. I was never much a user of AppleScript, I find it easier to make a quick shell script to do the job. But we need to find that right path, something is obviously goofy. <comment372489> Cory T - Good idea. Terminal says that I have been using the correct path to Mobile Documents, but when I drag one of its subfolders, like Documents, Terminal gives the normal location in my user folder, not a subfolder of either Mobile Documents nor iCloud Drive. <comment372490> I just discovered that Time Machine DOES back up my iCloud drive. I thought it only backed up files on my local hard drives! Thus, I do have backups of my iCloud files after all and I don't really need to write this script to further back them up. It also means I can easily write a script to back up the individual folders located in iCloud drive by using paths to my user folder. But it would still be nice to know how to address iCloud Drive itself in a script. <comment372491> You're right in TM backing up the iCloud stuff. There's always a local copy of your iCloud data on the computer but since the option to backup the folders to iCloud are turned on the OS handles where the files are and presents them as being in iCloud, even the local copies. But that also means it's directly referencing the local folders but guised as iCloud. But yes, at least it's backing up. For a script I would probably just create one that backs up the local equivalent folders instead of having it resolve the iCloud specific paths.