Does Touch Bar support background / system wide applications? <body> Say for example I want to use Touch Bar for time tracking, or todo list application. It'd be super useful to have something that's always there no matter which application I'm viewing.   <answer259176> Apple's developer API reference for NSTouchBar explicitly states how the contents of the Touch Bar are determined (emphasis mine):     On supported MacBook Pro models, the Touch Bar, above the keyboard, shows instances of the NSTouchBar class from the emfront-most app/em.   macOS itself regulates what is shown on the Touch Bar at what time, and as noted above, this changes when the front-most app does.  <answer259208> strongThe Touch Bar is not meant to show background and/or system wide notifications./strong  Apple has put out a document called macOS Human Interface Guidelines which is intended to communicate to developers how UI elements should be implemented; there's a section specifically about how the touch bar should function.  Under the Design for the Touch Bar Section, it provides guidelines as to how the Touch Bar should be utilized within the context of an App.     strongDesign a contextual experience./strong Make the Touch Bar relevant to the current context on the main screen. Identify the different contexts   within your app, and consider how you can expose varying levels of   functionality based on how your app is used.   And more specifically to your question, because "background/system wide applications" would provide notifications and it's UI and to the screen (via  emNotifications/em most likely), not through the keyboard:     strongUse the Touch Bar as an extension of the keyboard and trackpad, not as a display./strong Although technically it’s a screen, the Touch Bar   functions as an input device, not a secondary display. The user may   glance at the Touch Bar to locate or use a control, but their primary   focus is the main screen. emThe Touch Bar shouldn’t display alerts,   messages, scrolling content, static content, or anything else that   commands the user’s attention or distracts from their work on the main   screen/em.   (emphasis mine)  <comment356074> Of course unrelated to the question, which is fully answered here. But I have to say, that's a pity. Helper apps would make perfect sense on the touch bar. E.g. when color picking with drop (app store), you want the clipboard with your picked colors to stick around precisely after you changed the focus to the target app. Else, you can't paste. Or, simply the clipboard, alfred's or pastebot's multi-clipboard: makes perfect sense if they could be tied to the touch bar. Just sayin'. <comment356132> Also, Facetime pops in when a call comes in, without being actually running in the foreground. So maybe there's still a chance for the mentionned scenarios <comment360115> How does Spotify work in this regard? <comment360116> @GuidoGarcía I would imagine Spotify follows these guidelines, but you would have to check with them for an answer to this question.