Is there a way to extend the time you can talk to Siri for? <body> If I start Siri and ask to send a message or email, it will ask who to, takes the name from me etc etc.   When I come to saying the message I can only say a few words before being cut off. I then need to say edit to start again, or tap the message to edit manually.  However if I were to create a message without using Siri, and then tap the microphone button, I can talk to the voice recognition for longer, and manually stop it listening.  Is there a way to change the length of time Siri leaves after you have finished talking or a way to change its sensitivity to sound?  <answer35480> According to our in-house expert at my office : SIRI question spans will only expand if the developers find a new way of compressing the audio file being sent.  As for now, they are doing some rather hardcore compression, and not many resources are being allocated into figuring out any further compression.  Although, popular demand might change this, as seen in other projects ;]  <answer40080> There are 2 ways for Siri to tell when you are done dictating an item, a standardized pause, or a tap on a button.  If Siri is creating the message, there is no button, so no other way to stop, other than listening for a pause.  After creating a message, you can try appending more to it by saying "Add ...".  <answer164876> You can prevent Siri from cutting you off in the command mode by holding down the Home button until you're done speaking.    Normally you activate Siri in the command mode by holding the Home button until Siri responds, then releasing the button and talking.  In that mode she'll cut you off pretty quickly.  Continuing to hold the Home button bypasses that limitation.  <answer201923> A very short pause is enough for Siri to think you are done.  Get in the habit of CONTINUOUS speaking and Siri should accept all your words.  <answer263254> One further way to avoid a pause that will disconnect Siri is to draw out the vowel sounds of your words, giving you time to think about what you're going to say next (e.g., "aaaaaaaaaaaaaand"). This can be kind of amusing, actually. :)  <comment40395> Remember, Siri is sending a rather large voice file up to Apple's servers where the speech to text is happening. No doubt there will be limits at least for now (beta) to how much speech can be sent up in a single chunk. I would guess that if we're connected via wifi Siri will send a bit more text, via cellular a bit less. <comment40396> It does, however when using voice recognition on the keypad it uses the same process as Siri, yet sends much more as it is manually stopped. <comment40572> Good point Graeme. My guess is that there's a difference between straight dictation and dictation coupled with an action that has to be translated as well. And, at times, when I go on too long in straight dictation Siri thinks about it and comes up empty. I always took this to mean I overdid it. I've had too luck in straight dictation with a long sentence or a short paragraph at a time, ending with "period, new line" or something like that.