The podcast app is displaying the incorrect subscribed podcast <body> I am using the official Apple iOS podcast app.   A strange thing started happening 2 months back.   I have 5 podcasts that I subscribe to, one of them being the Joe Rogan Experience. One day the Joe Rogan podcast wasn't there anymore and a Christian podcast had taken its place emprobably a sign/em.  I unsubscribed from the Christian one, searched iTunes for the Joe Rogan podcast, and resubscribed. For a full day the app displayed the correct podcast but then magically changed back to the Christian one.   Now when I try unsubscribe and resubscribe, to the Joe Rogan podcast, it magically subscribes to / displays the "Intelligence Squared US debates" podcast. emI don't live in the US so this is probably not a sign/em  I am using an iPhone (9.3.1) and podcast app (2.4)  If I download a different podcast player app (Overcast) and subscribe to the Joe Rogan experience it doesn't change to the random podcast. But the problem still remains in the apple podcast app.   I did a search and didn't find anyone else experiencing the same problem. Any ideas on what the problem could be or a possible solution?  <answer265956> I have had this happen on several occasions, the most recent being today. Currently Welcome to Nightvale, Lore, History of Japan and 7 or 8 others have been replaced with Dada Land Radio.... It seems to happen when I download podcasts when I am abroad with a foreign SIM card. Apple Support have been less than useless on every occasion I have contacted them. Only fix I have found is to restore a backup... pain in the arse as I work on an oil rig and my backups are on my home computer!! Good luck.  <comment286745> There are no signs. Did you check the respective web sites of the podcasts for any information? Also, knowing whether it happened to anybody else wohn't help you to solve the problem. What exactly is your question? <comment286831> @patrix I have edited the question. Please remove the hold and make it active.