Make Solid-state scrolling trackpad behave like Multi-Touch trackpad <body> I am using an early 2009 MacBook.  strongIs there any way or any APP/strong that can make strongSolid-state scrolling trackpad/strong on my MacBook behave like strongMulti-Touch trackpad/strong  strongSolid-state scrolling trackpad/strong supports two-finger scrolling, tap, double-tap, and drag capabilities, while strongMulti-Touch trackpad/strong supports inertial scrolling, pinch, rotate, swipe, three-finger swipe, four-finger swipe, tap, double-tap, and drag capabilities.  Can gestures from Multi-Touch trackpad, be available to Solid-state scrolling trackpad?  <answer14821> You could try with some software like strongBetter Touch Tool/strong, but that's not guarantied it will work, since it's more of a hardware limitation.  Another solution would be to buy a strongMagic Trackpad/strong.  <answer15195> I recommend reading this article from TUAW. It basically says that the internal chipset on the new multi-touch trackpads is different to older trackpads and that is why out-of-the-box, Mac OS X Snow Leopard will not be able to add the gestures to your trackpad.   Having said that, the same article points you to this hack in MacRumors in case you feel a little adventurous and want to try and hack your OS to change how it works with your older trackpad. I cannot vouch for this method as my Mac already has a multi-touch trackpad so I have not used this hack. I also do not know of anybody who has used it. I am only pointing you in that direction in hopes that it is what you're looking for.   If there's a hack, there might just be a way. :) Good luck!   <answer15296> Sadly, there is no way and no app to add this functionality.   The hardware simply wasn't designed to track two (or more) independent touches. You get two finger (wide contact point) scroll but that's it.  You would need to add more hardware like a video camera to see three fingers and analyze the movement optically (or add expensive circuitry and somehow hook into a free port like bluetooth, USB and add a kernel extension to get that added input to the Human Interface system.) It's more practical to find a buyer that wants your mac and put that money towards a mac with true multitouch hardware than to add multitouch capability after the fact.  <answer15364> I've experimented with a lot of hacks and apps for the trackpads to simulate the Magic Trackpad's gestures, but still avoid adding another accessory to carry around. Personally, I've found JiTouch to be wonderful in this respect: http://www.jitouch.com/  Hope this helps!  <comment16252> I don't think the hardware actually supports it. <comment16436> That hack was to add four-finger gestures to older multitouch trackpads before snow leopard came out, not to add gestures to non-multitouch trackpads. <comment16534> any one tried 4 finger gesture on solid-state scrolling tracking with Better Touch Tool? I don't know how to configure it on my MacBook <comment16569> It won't work as the software can't imagine where 4 fingers are when the hardware will only report if one or two fingers are sensed during a scroll detection. <comment16570> You can hack the software all you want, but the hardware can't detect more than two contact points. <comment16682> +1 @bmike has it right: the device literally cannot detect what you want it to detect. It's as if you asked, "how can I get my MacBook's SuperDrive to also read 3.5 inch floppy disks?"; the electro-mechanical device is simply incapable of doing what you want, no matter how you modify the software. <comment16763> David - this software is great for changing how multi touch is interpreted but doesn't add multi touch where there is none. <comment16769> It will allow gestures on any hardware that has the underlying technology to recognize input from x number of fingers. That's all one could ever hope for. <comment16772> But were here answering 2009 MacBook questions where the OP wants multitouch on hardware that isn't. It's a great answer, just not for this question.