Sparsebundles are fragile and major backup apps cannot be trusted? <body> Sparse bundles, or sparse images, are used by both Time Machine, and Carbon Copy Cloner. I have had problems with both programs when dealing with a backup sparsebundle. For reference, I have used this for repairing them: Fix Time Machine Sparsebundle NAS Based Backup Errors  While this has worked in the past, I need to do this on a regular basis.   My last episode has now given me no confidence in using either apps as a backup method; or any solution that uses either file types. (Note that I had also found out previously that Time Machine mysteriously omits files for backup - it's primary failing.)   Using Carbon Copy Cloner's (CCC) bundle, I tried mounting the bundle to extract some lost files. Two problems:  ol liI could not find the files in CCC's SafetyNet folder. Any ideas what happened?/li liThe sparsebundle is now corrupted, apparently beyond repair, having used above methods several times. These seem to be very brittle and easily corrupted. Any further ideas for repair? /li /ol  N.B. I use a networked backup for one since I definitely insist on using ZFS filesystem. LAN file server is also my primary way of managing all my storage.  It's very disheartening and I am again losing so much time and effort to try and have reliable backups. Not to mention it looks like I have permanently lost historical files. At least not current files.  <comment334989> I just thought of something. I will try for a previous ZFS snapshot of the dataset. Can't do that tonight, for tomorrow. <comment335012> What exactly is the question here: do you need help in fixing your sparsebundle issues, is this an inquiry for backup methods, or something else? <comment335577> apologies for delay - as a cry for help I am asking several Q's at once. So all of above. For this post I could ask about 1) help fixing sparsebundle & 2) finding files in CCCs Safety Net, which seem to be missing. I will edit and ask a separate Q about proven backup solutions. <comment335578> I have a mountable sparsebundle now - thank you ZFS. The SafetyNet folder is ~512GB in size. attempting to copy that folder out to the fileservers file system keeps failing. Only a portion gets copied before the sparseimage mysteriously dismounts. It appears that the fileserver share also dismounts as well. Continuing...