Installing Windows 10 on Early 2011 MacBook Pro (VirtualBox method) <body> Apologies if the etiquette of posting is incorrect, I'm brand new to the site despite lurking for years and couldn't seem to comment on the guide I mention below.  I've been trying to set up Win10 on my Early 2011 MBP, using various methods and receiving even more error messages/setbacks.  As an intro to the problem, I'm trying to use a method that doesn't involve using my internal Superdrive as I've discovered it's seemingly broken over the years and so it's unusable. Now this causes me Legacy/EFI problems I'm learning, to install via USB that is, even after fixing my MBR/GPT partition tables Windows will cancel after the install. I've tried to bypass by following this guide: No bootable device USB 2.0 MacBook Pro mid 2014  I've tried the above guide emmultiple/em times and have come across varying factors in the guide.   The most common one I'm facing (and my current problem), is when it comes to listing the volumes in diskpart - the FAT32 32GB partition titled BOOTCAMP I've set aside for Windows isn't listed in the volumes. This isn't always the case, sometimes it's shown - sometimes it isn't.   The only variable I can think of as to why it now won't show is because I've switched Windows 10 ISOs.   The reason I did this is because yesterday the install process probably went the furthest it did. All the files managed to xcopy to the virtual drive, then back onto the C drive - and even showed in the Mac boot screen (which occasionally doesn't happen) - but upon loading the screen instantly went blue and said there was a problem with my boot files and Windows needed to repair.   So I downloaded the newest .ISO from Microsoft yesterday. But now, as a result, the BOOTCAMP partition I've set aside never seems to show up in diskpart.   This has probably been the bane of my existence for the past 2-3 days - so any help is massively appreciated. Thanks.   <comment363268> What does VirtualBox have to do with Bootcamp?  Do you want to install Win10 as a virtual machine (actually, your only option) or are you trying to install via Bootcamp (it's not [supported](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204990), you may want to install Win7)? Please clarify which install you are going for. <comment363270> If you see the attached guide: https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/225387/no-bootable-device-usb-2-0-macbook-pro-mid-2014/225521#225521 the guide uses VirtualBox as a substitute for Bootcamp to install a Windows partition - or is this likely the reason I'm running into issues, because I'm using W10 rather than W7? Other posts on here led to believe a W10 installation was still possible. <comment363272> See my link...The latest Bootcamp which is required for Win10 is for MBPs 2012 and newer.  I have only seen Bootcamp installs of Win10 on unsupported hardware when they upgraded (not clean install) of a Win 7/8/8.1 install already in place. <comment363275> Yup! I know my model is unsupported - it's still possible to install W10 on an MBP 2011 however. I think the reason Apple don't support is because of no sound drivers for the 2011 MBP. Typically the best method is to run the Legacy/BIOS mode which I can't do as my Superdrive is broken. Installing via Virtualbox points to your actual partition. So the installer runs emulating the ISO as a CD, and therefore uses BIOS mode (rather than the EFI mode from installing on a USB - only supported on newer MBs) and puts files on the actual Bootcamp partition for you to install from, not a virtual disk.