Install OS X 10.7 to 10-10 on MacBook Air MD232 <body> I have MacBook Air MD232. As we need to test our software on all OS X from 10.7 to 10.10, we need to install them all. Is it possible to install them on my MBA? When I buy, this MBA has been installed with Yosemite. I tried to install any other OSs by using "restore" feature from Disk Utility. However, restoring process were successful and pressing alt/option during restart, I get only gray screen with a stop sign and nothing happen afterwards. Would you please tell me how?  <answer167321> h1Hardware Requirements/h1  Every Mac has a minimum supported operating system. Older versions of OS X will not run on a Mac with a higher minimum.  For example, the MacBook Air (Early 2014) strongrequires/strong OS X 10.9.2 or later.  EveryMac has a comprehensive list of Mac models and their minimum supported OS X.  h2Virtual Machines/h2  To work around this, consider using a virtual machine for your testing; VMware Fusion, Parallels, and VirtualBox are all reasonable choices.  <answer167322> I understood correctly your question, you want to test your software on several versions of OS X. I think what you should do is partion your ssd into 4 parts for each OS X version. You can install any version of OS X using a usb key. How to create a bootable usb key with a OS X you can watch THIS   So what I want to suggest you to do is make sure that the current files and documents from MBA are backed up  Restart the machine and hold ALT key, you will see a gray screen with two options, choose Disk Utility and from there you will have to erase the hard drive and patron it into 4 parts. You can watch THIS to see how do so. Even so in the video it is performed inside the OS X and on external drive the moves are the same.   After you partioned your drive you can start installing different versions of OS X with a usb stick, how to do it you can watch THIS  Hope this helps  <comment196168> Instead of providing links to external sites where the relevant information can be deleted/replaced anytime could you please summarize the necessary steps directly in your answer?