Retina MBP 2015 does not recognise third external monitor <body> I am trying to get this system to run:  ul liLaptop lid closed./li li1 Monitor connected with DVI-miniDP adapter to a thunderbolt port/li li1 Monitor connected with DVI-miniDP adapter to a thunderbolt port/li li1 Monitor connected with a DVI to HDMI port on the HDMI port./li /ul  I can only get the notebook to recognise 2 of these displays. I can get the third display to work, only if I disconnect an existing one.  Interestingly, if I replace one of the DVI-miniDP displays with a VGA-miniDP adapter on one of the TB ports, then all 3 displays work. Yet I don't want to keep a displayed with VGA (for obviously limitations), so I was wondering if some can provide some pointers on how to make this setup work correctly.  Running 10.10.4  <answer200859> It depends which MacBook you have. The cheaper ones only have integrated graphics processor (Intel Iris Graphics 6100) which runs from your CPU. The expensive ones have a separate graphics card (AMD Radeon R9 M370X) with 2Gb memory which supports more display or higher resolution displays.  strongMacbook with integrated Intel graphics:/strong  Dual display and video mirroring: Simultaneously supports full native resolution on the built-in display and up to 3840 by 2160 pixels on strongup to two external displays/strong, both at millions of colors.  strongMacbook with AMD graphics card:/strong  Dual display and video mirroring: Simultaneously supports full native resolution on the built-in display and up to 3840 by 2160 pixels on strongup to two external displays/strong, both at millions of colors.  Source: Apple MacBook Pro Retina specs - Graphics and Video support  <comment242107> Given the information above, it is clear that the MacBook Pro can only support two external displays, despite the availability of three ports with display capability. <comment242134> Thanks for the response. The model in question has a discreet AMD GPU. The assertion of only 2 external displays is not correct, as right now I am running the system with 4 displays (the three mentioned in the question + the laptop screen). Yet, one of them is connected using a VGA-to-miniDP adapter on the TB port. Switching that to DVI-to-miniDP causes the display to not be recognised. <comment242135> Isnt that adapter faulty maybe? <comment242136> Nope, I have tested the adapter with the other display that has a DVI cable, it works.