What is the 35mm equivalent focal length of the perspective used in Apple Maps 3d views? <body> There's equivalent information available about this for Google Maps 3d views but I can't see anything relating to Apple Maps. Likely because there's no public-facing api that requires the user having the focal length or FOV data (to the best of my knowledge).  I'm currently doing some 3d camera matching and eye-balling it at the moment. It would clarify my estimates if anybody had a definitive number. I had originally come to the conclusion that it was approximately 38mm but other images I'm aligning suggest I may be a bit off.  <comment345323> Looking at my local area, I'd say there is no 1:1 mapping to any real lens. Just by eye, based on a) being a photographer & b) knowledge of the local area [rather than having any real data to work with] it looks like perspective is skewed the further back from your focal point you look. The view area is also zoomable, so your figures are never going to match except at one given zoom, unless you consider your 'frame' to also be a variable. <comment345324> The perspective also changes if you zoom in 'satellite' or 'map' <comment345332> Thanks @Tetsujin, in what context are you suggested the perspective is skewed? I have my own assumptions about this but would be interested to know what yours are. <comment345336> I'm just guessing, really, but based on local knowledge it looks like at 'standard zoom' that anything over a mile away is gradually 'de-perspectived' [can't think of a better term] so it feels like we live on the inside of the earth's curvature, not the outside. It's like you can see further than you should & further parts no longer are reduced as though you were shooting from orbit, & I don't mean in simple 'how hazy is the horizon' terms. [Alternatively, as this was all actually shot from orbit, your POV is several hundred miles away & the focal length 'doesn't compute' to the eye] <comment345370> Right, that sounds similar to my thoughts. I make a living as a photographer also and am familiar with the various nuts and bolts of vision and simulations of such. Eyeballing a 3d camera match to certain Apple Maps screenshots was producing such strange alignment issues that I came to the conclusion that there is more than one perspective angle at work to benefit communication of a space better at certain distances.