Backup WhatsApp chat history <body> I want to restore my WhatsApp chat history somehow, while my WhatsApp app does not work anymore. I was having memory issues on my iPhone 5s (with iOS 10.2), and WhatsApp required more memory for the app to open. After I deleted some photos, videos and apps, I got enough memory to open WhatsApp again, but it says that the chat history cannot be retrieved and needs to be restored.   As soon as I start the restoring process, the app crashes and closes. I am still able to receive messages (at least I got notifications), but I cannot open the app. The app tells me to delete it and re-install, but I am afraid I lose my chat history once I deleted the app.   I never backed up my chat history (stupid, I know), and I really want to get it back somehow. I have always backed up my iPhone on my (Windows) pc, and tried several backup extractor programs. They however only give me the saved media (photos, videos), but never conversation history.   What would be the best option? Should I delete the app and then restore my iPhone with a back-up I made? Also how many back-ups does iTunes save, because I can only see one on my PC...   <comment358890> Note to all: The close vote structure is changing right now. The reason for these close votes is probably because it isn't an Apple problem, it's a WhatsApp problem & therefore ought to be referred to their customer support team... unfortunately, the actual wording on the close reason no longer mentions 'customer support'. <comment358892> Oh okay, thanks. I contacted them but they didn't reply and referred me to their FAQ, which referred me to Apple's FAQ on backups. Do you know by any chance if new backups overwrite old backups? I can only seem to find the most recent one on my pc... <comment358893> The iOS backup process to iTunes is pretty much an overwrite - but you have the added issue of you cannot merge backups to get 'the best of both worlds'. Having said that, I've no experience at all with WhatsApp so idk if their strategy falls outside the standard iTunes/iOS/iCloud structure - which is why it's really a WhatsApp issue rather than an Apple one, I'm afraid. <comment358895> Thanks anyway, I think I will re-install the app