Macbook Pro 13 (mid-2012) won't start up despite smc reset. <body> My macbook pro 13 mid-2012 (with DVD writer)  Won't start up. I tried re setting SMC but nothing happened. I could hear start up chime but after that black screen. I kept trying reserting smc and PRRAM. Connecting charger and disconnecting. In the beginning charger indicator led was dim. But after resetting SMC it turned green and orange again( like before) but Macbook wont start.  The harddisk Led was on but nothing.  I left laptop unused.   When I opened it in the morning it started working normally again. I went to power saver settings but I wasnt able to change settings. A yellow warming sign was there (sth save power...) . And the battery indicator was missing. I tried enabling it but it wouldnt happen. The indicator ( showing charging sign wothout charger comnected) would flash for a sec when I would try to enable it.  I restarted macbook and indicator came back. I left my laptop open for 2 hours. I came back it eas damn hot. I turned it off. I did Shift control power button sth and fan turned on at full speed. Now my laptop was on but fan wouldnt turn off. It was cool but fan still running.   Then I did smc reset again and re started ( connected charger) but it didnt start up. Charger was plugged in.   Now Its again not turning ON. Im resetting smc but nothing happens. After 3-4 hours I tried again and it worked but OS stopped loading. (I recently installed 240G SSD because my 512 gb HDD crashed) Usually it takes 9 secs.   Its confusing. I think it has to do sth with battery or charger.   <comment372475> How old is your battery? Please open `  About this Mac  System Report…`, select `Hardware  Power`, make a screen capture of the part titled `Battery Information:` and include it in your question. With this technical information, someone will be able to tell you if it is a battery problem. <comment372587> Try a run of [Apple Hardware Test](https://support.apple.com/en-ca/HT201257). It should identify the issue if it is something to do with your Mac, and not a software bug. You may run this test by pressing D on startup, then selecting the language desired. To begin testing, press T, then wait for a bit for the result. If you're using OS X Lion v10.7 or earlier and you can't get AHT to start, see if you have an OS X installation disc named “Applications Install Disc 2.”