Deleting files from iCloud but not from the Mac <body> I just upgraded both my iMac and my Macbook to El Cap (jumping up from Mavericks). When I opened iBooks on my iMac it asked if I wanted to enable iCloud for iBooks. "Sure, why not?" I thought, and clicked 'Okay', on both the iMac and Macbook. Only thing is, this has basically filled my iCloud Drive to capacity, so I'd prefer not to use iCloud for books after all. (I should add that my iBook library resides on the iMac and, thus far, I have been copying my books to my iPhone and iPad via iTunes syncing, not through iCloud. The Macbooks's book library is basically empty).  So I want to undo my choice of enabling of iCloud integration for iBooks. On both machines I've gone to codeSystem Preferences &gt; iCloud &gt; iCloud Drive [Options]/code and deselected iBooks from the list of apps that store documents and data in iCloud. In order to clear the iBooks data out of my iCloud storage allowance I also went to codeSystem Preferences &gt; iCloud/code on the iMac and clicked codeManage/code beside the bar showing how much storage is being used. Clicked on codeiBooks/code and codeDelete Documents and Data/code.  The problem is that the resulting dialogue box warns me that: em"All iBooks data will be deleted from iCloud strongand all of your devices/strong. You cannot undo this action."/em   Does this mean that all my books emwill be deleted from my iMac?/em (because that's kinda how the message reads). Or does it mean that everything will stay the same on my iMac (no loss of book files) but that only things that were placed onto emother/em devices (Macbook, iPhone, iPad) emvia the iCloud integration/em will be deleted from those devices? What about files transferred to my iOS devices via iTunes syncing?  In short, I want the data deleted from iCloud, but NOT from my iMac (I can always re-sync stuff to the iOS gadgets as long as the iMac still has the files). Can somebody please clarify Apple's ambiguous (and potentially overly-alarmist) message for me?  <comment309143> I suppose the nub of this question is “What does Apple mean when they refer to a ‘device’?” Just iOS devices? Or Macs as well?