Apple Remote Desktop not working on Sierra <body> I'm having a lot of troubles getting Apple Remote Desktop to work in Sierra.  Downloading the client (version 3.8.5) gives me the error:  emRemote Desktop Client Update can't be installed on this disk. This update required Mac OS X 10.10.5 or later/em.  hr  When I try to generate the installer on Sierra (a Mac Mini), I get the error:  emAn unexpected error occurred: the required components were not found./em  emThe Application appears to be installed incorrectly./em  hr  I have the feeling that Apple Remote Desktop is on it's way out, but is there an alternative to use? Preferably one that doesn't have a monthly cost (per device)  <answer260537> The remote program is working well for me on Version 3.8 (380A95) on Sierra. The client you mention is so a Mac can be controlled by another computer, so perhaps you don't need that installation and can update only when App Store or codesoftwareupdate -ad/code downloads a package to install.  If you want third party options - Screens app by Edovia is a pro quality software that I really appreciate and use side-by-side with ARD. They do different things better than the other.  <answer260538> There is a great free alternative to Apple Remote Desktop called Chrome Remote Desktop. You will need a working Google account and the Google Chrome web browser. You can set it up on any Mac or PC, and you can access that Mac or PC through iOS devices(iOS link), Android devices(Android link), Chromebooks, Macs, and PCs as long as you can sign into your Google account. It is also very safe.  <answer270040> Pascal a.k.a. xvi answered this question about ARD not working on OS X Sierra. My macs with OS X Sierra have the symptom of ARD not working sometimes and other times ARD starts up just fine. Here is the fix that worked for me: https://discussions.apple.com/thread/7733349  Apple Remote Desktop doesn't start after sierra update. We tried with same problems on different client (macbook pro, imac and mac pro)  The workaround I have found is this (requires to be administrator):  Launch Terminal, then type:  precode sudo pkill -u -2 ARDAgent /code/pre  and type your password as requested. Then, Remote Desktop.app will launch (or, if launched and hung, its main window will appear).  <comment326238> I've just tried to add a computer (without installing the client software) and I get the error message: "_X is running software that is too old to support this feature. It must be running Apple Remote Desktop Client v3.3.1 or later in order to provide the list of Administrator Computers which manage it_". Is there something I need to do to allow remote desktop to manage it? <comment346856> Thanks, it worked after many other things didn't! Just to clarify, this is a fix for ARDAgent even if the "Remote Desktop" app is not installed on a machine.