Does the Mac support multitouch screens in any way? <body> I love using touch with Windows 7 and 8. Especially on Windows 8, the touchscreen finally feels like it's respected just as much as the keyboard and mouse.  So, naturally, I'd want to carry this experience over to the Mac. I've used a Macbook/MBP trackpad, but those aren't the same. They are not nearly as large and usable as a full touchscreen.  So: Does the Mac support touch screens in any way?  <answer46924> As far as I know, there is currently no native support for touch screens on OS X. I strongly believe this is because Apple wants you to do that on iOS instead, so I don't see touch adoption on OS X in the near future.  <answer46931> One way to get something close, is to use your iPad as a secondary display to your Mac.  In this way you are able to extend your normal desktop onto the iPad and input using touch.  See this answer on a different question for more details  <answer141477> Update (2017-03-05): Since strongYosemite/strong (10.10), T232HL seems to be far less buggy. However, it's still not very multi-touch.  hr  strong23" Acer T232HL/strong works without issues with Windows 8.x and Ubuntu 14.04 -- but not with the latest-and-greatest stable release, OS X Mavericks.  OS X Mavericks recognizes it, but strongfirst few touches always go to upper-left corner (coordinates 0,0) and are interpreted as a click/strong. Only third or fourth touch goes to the proper place -- but at that time it's already in the "click" phase, so the touch gets interpreted as a drag. It also gets recognized as a graphics tablet (strongInk icon/strong appears in System Preferences), but other than that, touchscreen is fairly useless with OS X.   Which is a shame, as its usefulness would be a middle ground between usability under Windows and Linux.  All this happens with a monitor that, to the best of my knowledge, represents itself as a strongstandard USB HID device/strong.  Hence, despite what other answers claim, I'd say strongmultitouch screen support on OS X is incomplete and broken/strong. Drawing conclusions based on multitouch touchpads or singletouch screens or singletouch graphics tablets is silly and incorrect.  There are some strongthird-party commercial drivers/strong that perform some magic to get multitouch screens into a usable state. Since the question was presumably about the stock OS, discussing them is out of scope for this answer.  <comment53765> Why the downvotes? Please, tell me what part of this question is unsatisfactory; I'd like to improve it. <comment69886> I up voted to compensate. Seems nothing wrong with the question. I have a slightly related one that I will post shortly. <comment95184> wrong! Actually OS X have native support for touch screen panels, including drivers. Also it does include drivers and native support for active pen digitalizers, it even have native on-screen keyboard, and handwrite recognition. I use since OS X Leopard. But unfortunately there's no multitouch gestures like the magic trackpad. <comment95408> Please add your comment as an answer. <comment166729> I think dictating the answer format is going to draw a little ire -- who wants to be told how they should answer a question, with a specific syntax and formatting? Few, that's who. <comment346252> The touchpads Apple sells separatly or included in the Macbook are already multitouch and OS X is perfectly able to use them. I think it's safe to say : yes OS X support multi touch screens. You can of course use all swipe gestures, navigate and rotate with the trackpads which is more or less all you can do on iOS too. As you said it's just that Apple hasn't decided to include real touchSCREENS in Macs so we are stuck with touchPADS <comment346402> Comments are not for extended discussion; this conversation has been [moved to chat](http://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/54869/discussion-on-answer-by-ivan-vucica-does-the-mac-support-multitouch-screens-in-a).