What is the normal operating temperature for the MacBook (2016 generation)? <body> I have a MacBook, and it feels very hot.  What is the normal operating temperature for the MacBook? (released in May 2016)  I am near an Apple Store, as there is one in my local mall.  <answer237646> Considering that the entire line of MacBooks have no fans, I wouldn't be surprised if it got to the range of 50°C while idle.  Apple only supplies minimum and maximum ambient temperatures; the specified ambient temperature range for your MacBook 50° to 95° F (10° to 35° C) (source). Unless you're using your MacBook in an abnormally warm environment (i.e. direct sunlight in a tropical country), your MacBook shouldn't get too much hotter than its regular idle temperatures.  My 13" Retina MacBook Pro, mid-2014 version can get rather warm when idle (~50°C-60°C) emespecially if placed on a non-heat conducive surface/em like a mattress or my legs. I don't mean to get too technical, but you can think of the entire unibody as a rather large heatsink that conducts heat away from your Mac (another reason why sometimes the ementire computer/em feels warm and not just one region). It's also important to remember that OS X will shut your computer down if it gets too hot (100°C IIRC).  Unless the MacBook in question is exceeding 80°C while idle with no absurd CPU usage or rogue processes (check with Activity Monitor for process CPU usage), I wouldn't see any cause for concern about the temperature of your MacBook.  <answer262966> Internally, the processor is rated to run up to 100°C and since this model has no blower or fans, that heat will be conducted out to the frame. The nature of conductive heat transfer is that the case itself won't get that hot unless it's insulated to near perfection.  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/t17SB.png" alt="enter image description here"  The system will slow down the processor to keep the internal thermal temperatures in line, but most modern cell phones, tablets and computers will get warmer than most people feel is proper and run just fine for extended periods of time. If a store is close, you might make an appointment and have them run diagnostics - just because they are designed to be within the specs - failures can happen on the chips and on the sensors to make yours painfully hot. I would always have someone trained look over something you feel could be a fire risk or dangerous no matter what I say is normal.  <answer284437> You can find your processor model by entering the following into a terminal:  precodesysctl -n machdep.cpu.brand_string /code/pre  which will return a string, for example, like this:  precodeIntel(R) Core(TM) i5-5287U CPU @ 2.90GHz /code/pre  You can then search for your processor on the intel product specifications page, by pasting for example codei5-5287U/code into the search box.  On the resulting page you will see something called codeTJUNCTION/code ...  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/1eJXU.png" alt="This is the maximum allowed temperature of the p"  This is the maximum temperature recommended for that processor. You can monitor this with htop.  <comment291159> You can install a Dashboard widget or an app that reports the temperature sensors in the Mac. But temperatures of a single computer will range wildly depending on what is going on, if a rogue CPU process is running too much or something is using WiFi too much it will be hot, if you watch a lot of movies or play games it will be hot. I would expect typically it to be warm to the touch in light usage when not charging but not hot, but you have to ask those with that specific MacBook to give you their readings.