How to clear iPhone's concact cache for text messages? <body> My iPhone (model 5, IOS 6.1.2) seems to have some sort of contact cache which it uses when sending text messages: whenever I am sending a message to someone, I start typing the persone's name in te "to:" field, and the iPhone shows me all the contacts matching the letters I typed; embut it shows up also contacts I have deleted long ago, and which I don't want around anymore/em.  How can I get rid of this?  Is this related to the infamous e-mail cache?  <answer85764> Apparently you have to reset everything. It'll make the phone a "new phone", but I don't know exactly what will happen. I want to do it as well, because I have contacts that I want to just go away; but I'm nervous. I don't want to get rid of all of the contacts! Other than this, I don't know what there is. :/ I'm sorry.   <answer94472> This is an issue I have contended with for quite some time. I first noticed it with the iOS 6 rollout for iPhone 5. I have contacted Apple a number of times. The only way to clear the cache is a drastic, annoying total restore from new. I've posted to the Apple communities about the issue, but Apple deletes the postings saying that comments for future updates do not belong in the Apple Support Communities.  <answer103451> This has been strongemFINALLY/em/strong fixed in IOS 7. Now you can remove contacts from this cache.  As soon as the unwanted contact pops up while you're typing in the "to:" field, you can tap on a little "i" (probably for "info") icon on its right, and have a menu appear where you can remove the contact, or add it back to your address book if you feel so inclined.  <answer243647> In iOS 9, go to Contacts and start typing the contact name of phone number. The cached contact will appear after any actual matching contacts. Touch the cached contact, then Edit, and then Delete Contact.  <comment98852> Could you say why you have to reset everything e.g. where you learnt that from as a reasonable source should also give details of what happens