Time Machine Backup to Raspberry Pi NAS crashes when backup being deleted <body> I hope this is the right place to put this as I'm not sure if it's a RPi issue or a Time Machine issue.  Basically, what's happening is I have Raspberry Pi Model B set up with an external hdd to behave like a Time Machine on NAS. It has worked great for months backing up regularly, however for the first time since I set it up it has needed to delete a backup to make space for a new one. When this begins the RPi crashes and the file system is damaged (requiring a Disk Warrior repair). I am able to delete files off the NAS external hard drive mounted via AFP from the finder with no issues, so I don't think it's a permissions issue.  Anyone have any idea where I can start looking? I don't see anything in the RPi logs either.  Thanks for any help!  <comment235497> I know you need to mount the disk by AFP, and I even believe the disk must be formatted as HFS extended (this might not be necessary). This is the only way to recover from crashes reliable. What was your diskformat and setup? <comment235518> Any way to check the load on the RPi as its happening? I believe TimeMachine actually requires quite a bit of the NAS on deletes and transfers <comment235632> @CousinCocaine Yup disk was mounted AFP and formatted HFS+.  Ive been able to perform backups regularly. It's only when the disk was full and Time Machine started deleting back ups did it become a problem <comment235633> @agentroadkill I can run "top" on the RPi and monitor the load (I'll do this when I'm home) however I've done back ups before and it works fine. It's just when the disk is full there is an issue with deleting old backups <comment235707> That's my point; nothing much happens until you try to delete a back up. My understanding is that deleting happens real-time (actual disk space is unallocated), putting more load on the system. <comment235726> Oh I see, so you're suggesting that deleting a file is more resource intensive than writing? Would time elapsed make a difference? The initial backup took nearly a day over WiFi. Is there a way I could try and delete another large file via a different but similar means to see if it's Time Machine or the RPi?