How to know if a mac is under DEP (Device Enrollment Program)? <body> I just bought a used macbook air 2015 I made a system restore... and was confident the mac is not stolen because of these checks  1- there were no icloud on the computer, and I was able to add my own iCloud normally.  2- the mac firmware had no password  but now, I see something that I have never seen before  I keep seeing this message, always skipping it  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/7Tn5g.png" alt=""  1- what are the consequences of allowing DEP, and is it reversible?   2- how to contact the person who has DEP and ask them to remove it from the program?  3- when buying a new mac, how to know if it's on DEP? (the most important question)  4- someone on IRC said that if i was unable to authorize my machine from itunes then the machine is on DEP.. is this correct?  5- the same person on IRC says that there could be a previous owner, and this owner can format my computer and see all of my files even if i have my own icloud on it, is this correct?  the person who sold it to me imported 60 macs from a closed startup in sweden, I can return it to the seller and get my money back, but I really need an answer for these questions...  <answer282349> Have you seen Apple's DEP FAQ? It says      Which devices can be enrolled in DEP?      Any Apple Mac or iOS devices purchased on or after March 1, 2011 can   be enrolled in DEP. Mac or iOS devices purchased from participating   Apple Authorized resellers or carriers must be added to your DEP   instance to be included. All iOS devices must use iOS 7 or later, and   all Mac computers must have OS X Mavericks v10.9 or later. Once   configured, automatic enrollment in MDM occurs at the time of device   activation if a profile has been assigned. If a device has already   been deployed (activated), you can trigger automatic MDM enrollment by   erasing and restoring the device.   ol liwhat are the consequences of allowing DEP, and is it reversible?/li /ol     DEP supervises and enrolls the device into your Meraki MDM. Any   configuration profiles are going to come from Meraki, not DEP. If   there are configuration profiles that you want to remove, make the   change in Meraki... either remove the device from the "Clients in   scope" list under the profile, or remove the profile completely from Meraki (if you don't want it on any device).      DEP allows for the changing of the following: App Lock (Single App Mode)      Global HTTP Proxy      Activation Lock Bypass      Autonomous Single App Mode      Web Content Filter      Set background &amp; lock screen      Silent App Push      Always-On VPN      Allow managed app installation exclusively      Additionally, you can block/disallow:      iBookstore      iMessages      Game center      AirDrop      AirPlay      Host pairing      Cloud Sync      Spotlight internet results      Handoff      Erase      Restrictions UI      Installation of configuration profiles by UI      News      Keyboard shortcuts      Passcode modifications      Device name changes      Wallpaper changes      Automatic app downloads      Changes to enterprise app trust      Apple Music      Mail Drop   ol start="2" lihow to contact the person who has DEP and ask them to remove it from the program?/li /ol     The line under "add to enrollment" will tell you who is running the   DEP. You may see details by clicking add, and it will bring up   preferences. Under this, you may read (in plaintext) who is trying to   enroll you, and you may find out who it is.   ol start="3" liWhen buying a new mac, how to know if it's on DEP? (the most important question)/li /ol     Reset it. See if it bypasses Setup.    ol start="4" liSomeone on IRC said that if i was unable to authorize my machine from itunes then the machine is on DEP.. is this correct?/li /ol     Yes. It would bypass this under MDM or under a DEP.    ol start="5" liThe same person on IRC says that there could be a previous owner, and this owner can format my computer and see all of my files even if i have my own icloud on it, is this correct?/li /ol     This is true.       The Device Enrollment Program enables IT to easily leverage the   advanced capabilities of supervision without the need to physically   tether a device to a master computer running Apple Configurator –   supervision can be turned on with the click of a button OTA. IT also   benefits from the avoided risks associated with unmanaged devices.   With the Device Enrollment Program, IT can leverage un-removable MDM   profiles and even require devices to re-enroll after being wiped or   reset.   Best of Luck!  <comment355582> I read almost everything online. <comment355585> I have already read this, thanks :) , but my questions are still not answered, can you answer each question individually ? <comment355647> Please try one question per question. The only way a serial number gets enrolled in DEP is by purchasing from a business/enterprise channel. Working with them or Apple directly is the fastest way to tracing each suspect serial number.