Menubar app to use as on-screen mask <body> I work at a photo studio and I'm looking for a program that will run in the menubar that will provide resizable black bars showing up on the screen no matter what app I'm in. When shooting in Lightroom, it is sometimes helpful to block out part of the screen and I'm currently using painter's tape. I would use the overlay function already in LR, but I'm almost always already using that.   <comment354969> I haven't heard of a program like this, but perhaps there is another way to address the problem.  What problem, exactly, are you trying to solve by wanting to put black boxes over specific areas of your display? <comment354975> There's no such thing as a "menu bar app"  The menu bar is part of the UI that an app can use.  As such, have you thought about having a desktop with a black background and only having the active window showing? <comment354976> Sorry i dont think I was descriptive enough. Im working in Lightroom shooting tethered with my images popping up behind a package overlay.  Im working on a package design with a client, we have the package design set as an overlay in LR and i'd like to be able to block off the back and side view so they are not visually confused. <comment354985> When you say "block off the back and side view" are you talking about the package design you're using as an overlay? If so, why not alter the package design image to remove the back and side view? <comment354988> A fair point, but the overlay cannot change between one package and another and the controls for overlay in lightroom kind of suck. Its hard to switch between overlays. Also sometime we are shooting for the whole package, as in how it wraps around, but we are most focused on the front. <comment354993> I understand. You need something quite flexible. Unfortunately, the only applications I know of will automatically select areas to block, like Desktop Curtain by Many Tricks (blocks all but an app, window, etc.. They don't give you the option to customize the area beyond that. <comment354996> It was a long shot, thank you very much for the responses. Suppose its painter's tape for me :)