RAID 1 array degraded, now not being recognized by OSX <body> I've got a pair of Seagate 3TB HDDs in a mirrored RAID 1 array using a Vantec NexStar MX two-drive enclosure. The setup has generally worked fine for the last four months, but lately I've noticed that directories mysteriously disappear and reappear after restarting. Yesterday this problem accelerated; I was backing up a server onto the drive and, after transferring, the backup directory kept disappearing. So I opened up Apple's Disk Utility where I read that the status of my RAID array is "degraded". I hadn't gotten any notifications to the effect that I'd had a crash, but inside the RAID dialogue in Disk Utility, a couple of segments were highlighted as missing. In addition, my Apple MacBook Retina running 10.7.5 started to crash every time I turned on my external drive. The diagnostic output suggested that Apple's RAID utility was causing the crash.  I read here (http://www.jonathonceci.com/?p=447) that I could compare my two drives to see which one might be malfunctioning by removing one drive, switching my enclosure's jumpers from RAID 1 to "individual", resetting the enclosure's controller, and then restarting my computer. Now I'm getting "The disk you inserted is not readable by the computer", and Disk Utility suggests that the drive is unformatted. It lists the drive as "JMicron H/W RAID1 Media", Write Status: Read/Write, SMART Status: Not Supported, Partition Map Scheme: Unformatted.  The same error persists whether I've got my enclosure set to RAID 1 or individual (when set to individual, I get two "not readable" error messages, one for each of the two drives).  Is there any way to restore and repair my drive, or induce my Mac to read it?  <comment112761> An update: I ran diskutil repairDisk disk1 in the terminal, and that brought my disk back online; I can now browse through it in Finder, etc. Disk Utility still shows status as "Degraded", though, with a RAID slice missing. Any idea how to repair the missing slice? There are still some files that aren't showing up in Finder.