Why won't Apple Mail let me add an account? <body> I recently had to change the password on my wife's MacBook, and since then her mail app has not worked properly. Changing the password seems to confuse KeyChain, which may be the heart of the problem.  When the app was first playing up I deleted a couple of POP accounts connected to our ISP to see if redoing them would help. We have an email address that we share, so I looked at the setting on my machine to make sure the connection parameter are the same. It works fine on my machine, but on my wife's it keeps asking for the password (which I have checked in the ISPs webmail page), and then not being happy with it.  PLEASE! Can anyone help?  TIA Mark  <answer130573> Go to the Keychain application, select Local Items on the left under Keychains and find the POP mail account in the list and delete it.  Re-open Mail, it will ask you to enter the POP password, or you can do so through the System Preferences.  See if that works.  <answer130581> Assuming it is you KeyChain it has a repair function.  Under KeyChain Access click on First Aid  First run the      Verify   then if there are problems reported run the      Repair   The purpose of KeyChain access password is to protect it. So bypassing is not possible otherwise the protection would be fake.  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/BFXPV.png" alt="keychain"  If you have to you can do the factory reset, but that will create new empty keychain (without deleting the old one)..giving you a chance to remember the password for it.  <comment153113> Thanks, guys, but I came across a stumbling block. I get asked for a password "keychain Access wants to use the local items keychain."  I don't know it. Any ideas at this point? <comment193024> Before doing this, try your login password again.  KeyChain passwords are encrypted and unrecoverable.  However, you can delete the local keychain and a new one will be created with your login password.  However, if you do this all of the content of the local keychain currently on your Mac will be lost.