Apogee Jam 96k versus previous model for GarageBand <body> EDITED  The Apogee Jam 96k seems like an appealing upgrade from the previous model with 44.1k sampling rate.  I'm trying to decide how much upgrading would benefit my playing and recording.  I listened to some tracks recorded with the 96k model on the Apogee website though they don't play the exact track comparing their two models. I couldn't find definitive literature on the web comparing the two either.  I'm not sure its possible to upload sound tracks to SO but two identical recordings with the Apogee 44.1 Khz as the control would be super!  Also, I am under the impression the Mac version of GarageBand may output a different sound since it would have more resources (like memory and CPU). Can anyone verify this ?   <comment185299> opinion-based it may be... but, Apogee have always made good DACs, no doubt the new ones are even better - but really, unless you know why you need 96kHz... then you don't need it. 44.1 is standard CD audio quality. Movies at 48k.. 88.2 & 96 are for serious audio & film production, to allow them a lot more work-space before they do the final mix down to release format. The processing needed is comparably higher, too. <comment185316> Thanks for the feedback. I understand the question to a degree is opinion based though Tetsujin's comment was really useful. I'm really happy with my 44.1Khz but couldn't find any places on the web comparing the two. If anyone has any suggestions as to how I can reword the question, I'd be happy to edit. <comment185321> Edited question so that it is no longer opinion-based. <comment185362> Sorry, I meant the question is likely to draw opinion-based answers; those tend to get closed down quite quickly, but so far this one seems to have slipped under the radar. The mags seem to like it - http://www.askaudiomag.com/articles/review-apogee-jam-96k - but eventually it's up to you. <comment185386> For a while, the question was put on hold but that warning seems to be lifted after I reworded. Yeah the link provides a pretty much positive review when comparing the two models in favor of the 96khz. If I do decide to get the new one, I'll make a recording on GarageBand and post the link.