How to switch straight to a keyboard in mac <body> I use 3 different language keyboards (japanese, english, chinese), all with their own special input method editors (IMEs). I have a fast switch between Japanese and English by just hitting either left or right CMD key respectively, which I set up using Karabiner. But, to get to my chinese keyboard I have to still flip through my other keyboards to find.  I was wondering if there was any way to set up a keyboard shortcut I could use to switch directly to my Chinese keyboard. I've tried using automator, but automator always plays out the ementire/em "open menu", "select chinese keyboard", which takes about a second to run through (slow), and moves my mouse to the other end of the screen.   I'd be happy to use automator if somebody knows how I can remove this, or otherwise how to set up a shortcut some other way (or software to do this), I'd be grateful.  <answer207612> One easy thing you can do is to setup a shortcut that cycles forward and backwards through all input sources you have on your Mac.   So assuming you have them setup in this order: Japanese, English, Chinese and Japanese is currently active, pressing the keyboard shortcut will move to English and if you press it again to Chinese and then back to Japanese after a third press. With the second shortcut you can cycle backwards at any time.  Alternatively you can set an unused F-key in the top row of your keyboard (on mine F5 and F6 is free and on a full-size keyboard you have F13-F19 unused too) to be your shortcut, so pressing those will cycle through your options.   As far as I know there is no solution straight from OS X that will allow you to pick a specific language just by pressing an F-key. What might be an option is to setup an Apple Script inside System Preference that is being triggered by an F-key which sets your input source to a specific language. I might read into that and post it here, if the previous option doesn't meet your needs.  strongHow to set it up/strong  ol liGo to System Preferences (see Apple Logo at the top if it's not in the Dock)/li liGo to Keyboard/li liSelect the tab "Shortcuts"/li liPick "Input Sources" from the list on the left/li liActivate the shortcuts you would like to use and then click on the right to define the shortcut by pressing the desired combination or F-key./li liClose System Preferences and try it out/li /ol  I hope this was helpful to you.  <comment250467> I already have this in place, but I usually need to cycle through Japanese to get to Chinese (or go to Japanese then cycle). Either way, it takes 2 actions rather than 1, which especially when I need to switch language for one word, or fast for some other reason, just doesn't cut it... <comment250469> Did you already check out this Stackoverflow answer (http://stackoverflow.com/a/23741934) about using Apple Script to click the menus? I know this doesn't seem like an elegant solution but I tried the code in the Apple Script editor and it seemed rather fast.