How can I upload a directory structure from a PC to iCloud without first copying it to my iCloud drive? <body> I have a directory structure of about 12GB on a network drive that I'd like to copy to my iCloud storage. I don't want to copy the 12GB from the network drive to my local iCloud drive folder just so it can be copied from there to iCloud.   Other cloud storage services (e.g., Google Drive, Microsoft OneDrive, Dropbox) support a browser upload interface that makes it possible to drag folders to be copied into cloud storage onto the browser, but I can't find an equivalent kind of functionality for iCloud. Is there some way for me to directly copy my data from its current location on a network drive into iCloud?  I'm running 64-bit Windows 7 Professional.  <answer226742> iCloud strongdoes/strong have a web interface for drive - I believe it was recently added.   Log into iCloud.com with your ID and password, and it should be the fifth box.  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/6PSwE.png" alt="iCloud Drive location"  BTW, iCloud only gives you 5 GB for free, so if you haven't yet you'll have to buy more space if you want your drive to fit on iCloud.  strongEDIT 1: iCloud does not support folder uploads in iCloud Drive. Thanks to the OP KnowItAllWannabe for pointing that out./strong   <answer287027> As of macOS Sierra 10.12.5 (and the equivalent iCloud for Windows), iCloud Drive does not offer a facility for selective-sync of files between your local storage and the cloud.  Therefore, anything you upload to iCloud Drive using the web interface would then make its way back down to your local storage on any machine logged in to iCloud.  iCloud Drive doesn’t appear to be the archival storage solution you’re looking for. It’s a full-syncing service.  <comment275073> It doesn't really work that way. It needs to be on your local iCloud drive to be shared between your devices. <comment275113> I don't really want to share the files among devices, I just want to use iCloud as extended storage to free up some space on my local network drive. <comment275115> That's not what iCloud is for. You can't have it on iCloud Drive & not locally. It's designed specifically to keep data synchronised across devices, it isn't an 'external storage' medium. <comment275364> Unfortunately, this works only for individual files. When I try to upload a folder, I'm told "Uploading folders to iCloud Drive is not supported. Only files can be uploaded using your web browser." <comment279907> Yeah, I tried it and I see now. Well, I think you're out of luck (in terms of the web interface, unless you want to wait until Apple adds in folder uploads). I suggest that you use another sync service(like Google Drive or Mega) if you don't need to use iCloud.