Sharing longer text from chrome on iOS (iPad) - [ Productive tools hints ] <body> but I am facing a big problem using my new iPad ! I have never used any iOS system before, and I notice a lot of differences using (coming from Android and Windows).  For instance, I am doing my master thesis at the moment and I would like to use my iPad for all my research work, this means reading and taking small notes of what I read ! Then maybe (and just maybe) I would write the entire thesis using latex or another tool, if I feel its comfortable to use :)  My question is regarding to sharing longer on chrome. Yesterday I was reading some papers right on chrome browser app for iOS and I just felt the need to save some quick note of what I had read.   So basically my intuition (and maybe anyone's else) led me to copy paste the text to some notes app.  But after some time, I just notice that using iPad for this type of simple task is not really effective and a good time consumption approach! I would just go instead with my laptop and use the classic copy-paste function, it's more easy and less time consumption...  Then I notice, strongselecting the text on chrome app (at iPad), there is a button saying "Share" and clicking there, I can just share the text to any app, like Google Keep or Evernote./strong  strongBut I found out a limitation, if the text is too long the button "Share" does not appear!!! why is that??/strong  strongHow can I overcome this problem?/strong  I really just want to use my iPad in the more elegant and efficient way, otherwise I will just sell it.  I don't want a machine just to use once a week to check the photos of last weekend.... that's just stupid.  I am sure there a lot of stuff to be used on iPad for maximize productivity and reduce time consumption in a lot of simple tasks (even research and literature tasks), I just don't have any knowledge about it!  So any good guide/tools or hints/tips for maximizing the productivity in this type of tasks on iOS (iPad specifically) would be really great !  Thank you so much for any help you can give on this matter!  <comment325969> I use Chrome on iOS and I don't have this problem.  The Chrome toolbar will move up and out of your view as you scroll down the page.  You need to scroll up a little for the toolbar to come back down into view.  Doing that, I see the Share button on the toolbar each time. <comment325971> Hi @fsb ! thank for your reply ! that's the share button of the entire page, I got that too ! In my question I am talking about the share button that appears when you select and highlight a portion of the text on that page, do you get it ? Please let me know if you have a solution, thank you!!