Why does my Mac-to-Mac Screen Sharing video stall? <body> I have two OS X Lion systems, the desktop I use is a Mac mini running 10.7.3, the server I'm working on is a Mac Pro running 10.7.2.  Note that the Mac Pro is not actually running the OS X Lion Server utilities. I am describing it as the 'server' as it is providing always-on services, and it is the remote system.  I often have work specific to do on the server, and it's done easiest with the GUI utilities that Apple provides. So, I select the Mac Pro from the shared section in the Finder, and click 'Share Screen'. The username/password authentication box shows up, and I log in.  I will note that I do strongnot/strong use the physical display. Because it is a multi-user system, when I log into Screen Sharing I select the option to use a 'Virtual Display'.  Some apps seem to behave erratically, most significantly the iOS Simulator. Quite often when clicking around, any animated element of the screen will simply stop animating, requiring me to click to another app, Xcode for example, and then click back to the Simulator. I often have to do this every single time I click on an item in the Simulator.  This problem happens no matter if I use Adaptive Quality, Full Quality, no scale/Full Screen, or scaled video output.  As far as I'm aware, my Screen Sharing preferences are all defaults:  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/leKsh.png" alt="Screen Sharing Preferences dialog"  <comment48228> You're trying to use the simulator over screen sharing? <comment48274> Yes, but that's not the only thing that causes Screen Sharing to stall. (But it also doesn't stall if I only use basic things. A browser, text editor, even Xcode on it's own doesn't cause it. At least not immediately.) <comment48281> Theory: the simulator writes directly to the display buffer, which Screen Sharing doesn't like. What other stuff causes it to stall? <comment48283> Especially in the case of a virtual display, that would make a lot of sense. I'll have to test it again but on the physical/desktop session, still over Screen Sharing of course. I seem to recall that it just generally starts happening after a period of time of being open. That one is not as specific because it's rarely open for over a working day.