Weird Phantom Reminder <body> h2How it started/h2  I honestly don't know how to make heads or tails of this. Every now and then when I have a reminder overdue a few days the app automatically marks it as "completed" while still giving me notifications about it until I manually mark it as completed. I happen to find that slightly annoying, so I take those reminders and update the alarm to today's date, thus removing them from the auto-completed list. I close the app. Next time I open it, I find this:  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/1fsMU.png" width="320" alt="Phantom of the Reminders"  That one, right at the top.  h2The glitch/h2  I can tap it as if it were an empty space to add text. Hitting return crashes the app. I can swipe left as if it were an actual reminder, yielding the expected "more" and "delete" boxes. Tapping the latter crashes the app. Tapping the former yields this:  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/06YYc.png" width="320" alt="Inside the Phantom"  The cursor defaults to the title box; I tapped out of it to show the full screen. Notice that there's no option to remind me at a location.  From this screen, I'm able to modify any and all of these values. After I hit "done," a duplicate version (also acts phantom) appears in the "add a reminder" row for today, with any relevant changes. If I do this without modifying the list, the original remains not on a list, while the duplicate is placed on my default list. The updates will not take effect on the first phantom reminder without scrolling it out of view and back into view. This is true for all fields.  If I modify the name, I have the ability to tap on it and hit the  button, as if it were a normal reminder.  If I modify the alarm and the name, a new reminder will appear in the relevant section of the scheduled list that henceforth acts like a perfectly normal reminder. I have confirmed that it saves to my iCloud account, like all reminders. The duplicate disappears, and the original clears all of its previously modified values, reverting to its original, empty state.  If at any time I decide to delete either phantom reminder, the app crashes. Crashing the app at any of these steps, or else removing it from multitask, will return the app to the beginning of this process, with the empty reminder at the top. Also, there is no point during this procedure that the "remind me at a location" field shows up.  I have also tried going to Siri and asking it to do the dirty work for me. It can't locate either phantom reminder, whether it has a name or not. In the list of reminders it pulls up, it only lists ones that are in existence. I've tried asking it to delete " " and it says it doesn't understand; I've also tried giving the phantom reminders names and asking Siri to do a search for them, which comes up empty.  This is only on my iPhone (SE, with iOS 10.3.1). Nothing remotely similar appears on my laptop or iCloud.com reminders. The two phantom versions do not transfer; only when I set a name and alarm will it do so.  Eventually, it goes away, but not without a fight.  h2What I've tried/h2  I understand that deleting the Reminders app doesn't delete any of its data, but I thought doing so might clear something out. It didn't.  I've disconnected and reconnected my iCloud account to no avail.  I've shut down my phone with both holding down the power button and holding down the power and home buttons together, also to no avail.  I have not yet tried resetting my phone to factory settings, but I'm assuming it won't help, based on the previous tests: it seems to be more with the reminders list and less with the phone itself.  If at all relevant, I downloaded the beta tester profile for iOS 10, and before even installing any new updates it wreaked havoc on my Reminders app. (Yes, I reported all of those problems in the Feedback app, with no reply.) I removed the profile, and I haven't seen any problems since. Perhaps this is a lingering one; I can't seem to recall this ever happening before I downloaded that.  (Cross-posted from Apple Support Communities). 