Advice after "Malicious security incident" confirmed on my MacBook Pro <body> Good evening all and apologies if in the wrong forum. I'm hoping you can help me.  After months of "support"- Apple have dismissed (in writing) that my MacBook and phone problems are a "malicious security incident" and beyond the scope or responsibility of Apple and that I seek the services of security experts that financially are beyond my reach(This is not the purpose of my post by the way just a bit of background) Whilst in an irritating spot - it leaves me with some practical questions they won't answer. Obviously I have some very expensive bricks on my hands and have changed all of my passwords, but if I were to have security analysis of my devices:  ol liWhat files, logs, data or reports (terminal or activity monitor etc) should be my priority to run and/or preserve (log files in particular are often disappear or expire). /li liWhat is the best method to preserve them? Is there a risk for USB? And as Zip -e ignores my passwords entirely at this point is there a more encryption method/li liShould system or library files or folders be preserved? /li liShould I copy the partitions that have appeared as images? Or should I image the entire machine? /li liEFI partition is strange - what is CAFEBEEF in its file structure and can I obtain or download a replacement EFI Partition? /li /ol  Edit: I'm asking these things as I can't afford a security firm to review this attack but want to get on with my life. What do I need to preserve in the machine that should the problem persist (as it does after a clean install and a hard drive replacement)   And can I actually save the machine and devices affected by it or are they all to be binned?   And on a less specific note - what are your thought  son apple washing its hands of a security issue (not important - it would be good to have a few perspectives. And no- this machine was used for work and I'm not a close both eyes and click on random attachments whilst surfing por sites kind of guy - this just kind of happened one day whilst typing v up a report)  Thanking you in advance   <comment332779> What are you actually trying to achieve? To be rid of whatever hack you suspect is present, or discover how it may have been done? To be rid of would be to Nuke From Orbit - replace the hard drive & start over, using a new ID. Don't reimport any data from the old drive. Destroy it. <comment332798> Without knowing more about the "security incident" it is difficult to give you a good answer on what things to preserve to allow the incident to be investigated. And different firms will use different methods to investigate. If you do want this investigated, the best thing is not to change anything until they've done their work. <comment332832> Cafebeef is nothing to worry about...As far as the EFI, you can run disk util from terminal and it will replace your EFI partition. **diskutil repairDisk /dev/disk0** it will ask you y/n to replace/repair disk0s1 which would be your EFI. <comment333036> This question is extremely broad — it would be best to focus on something specific which can be answered objectively. See the [tour] and [ask]!