How to subscribe to particular IMAP folders in Mac Mail <body> I use Mac Mail to work with an IMAP account. Is it possible to subscribe only to a set of folders, e.g., synchronize only the folder "current" and all its subfolders, but not the folder "archive"? I tried right-click on folder  Account Information  Abonnements/Subscriptions but there no folders are listed.  <answer74438> Press kbdcommand/kbd-kbdi/kbd (letter i) in Mail.app, select the account in the popup menu and go to the “Subscription List” tab. From there you should be able to select/deselect shared IMAP mailboxes.  <answer177120> I had this same issue. I am using Mail version 8.2.  I found this to be a fix for me.  When I create a new account in Mac Mail, it shows the account name under "Inbox."  Under that account name are four folders - Sent, Drafts, Junk, and Trash.  You have to click on one folder at a time to highlight it, then in the top menu, select Mailbox  Use This Mailbox As  and select the correct mailbox (Sent, Drafts, Junk, or Trash).  When I did this, my Sent, Trash, Junk, and Draft folders that were under my email account name, moved under the "Main" Sent, Trash, Junk, and Draft sections. It took a second or two for them to sync to the server and not show a warning sign next to the folder name.  Under Mail  Preferences  Accounts  Advanced, I left the IMAP Path Prefix blank. I did change the Port from 143 to 993, checked the Use SSL box, and set the Authentication to Password. I used these settings because they match what my host provider provided me to use for my Incoming Server settings. I'm not sure this mattered or not.  <comment86445> Thank you, but as I wrote in my question, no folders are listed there... <comment86446> Is this your own account or a shared IMAP folder from somebody elses account? You can only configure folder subscriptions for shared folders in Mail.app. Your own folders will always be synced. <comment86449> Its my own account and no shared folders... so you just gave me the answer that it's not possible ;-) <comment86453> strauberry: You correctly interpreted as a no. :-) <comment372462> Unfortunately, it seems it is still not possible with macOS Sierra mail to unsubscribe from ANY imap folders.