Second partition to keep data safe? <body> I am new to Mac and I don't know very much about the operating system. I am used to Windows where I had a C partition for the OS and other partitions for data. When I wanted a fresh install I only formatted the C drive.   What is the best method to use this on Mac? I don't want to use an external HDD or a stick – I want to have them on my 256 GB SSD. I don't know what to do. I don't want to lose my photos and videos so please advice me.  <answer248035> It is rare to need to reformat the operating system only part of your Mac.  h2Recommended: Use one partition/h2  I believe the overwhelming majority of Mac users have a single partition on their internal drive. This lone partition is used to store everything: operating system, applications, and documents.  The UNIX-like file layout does a good job of keeping all these files organised and separate. With OS X 10.11, new security measures have further isolated the core system files from your own files.  h2Back Up and Use Time Machine/h2  In order to avoid loosing photos and documents, attach an external drive and turn on Time Machine for that drive. Time Machine is macOS's built-in back up mechanism. This will protect you from most problems.  In the worst case, you can wipe your Mac's drive, re-install macOS, and restore your documents with Time Machine.  h2Upgrades and Recovery/h2  Upgrades of macOS only update the operating system part itself, leaving both your data and user-installed applications untouched. The same applies for reinstallation of macOS which can be done from the Recovery Partition without touching your data.  h2Optional: Isolating your documents/h2  As a developer, I do separate my operating system and applications from my user documents. This is a habit from using earlier versions of macOS and before virtual machines made testing easier.  This approach is only a real benefit, if you use a separate physical device for the two partitions.  See Macworld's article Keeping Mac OS and data on separate drives for how to set this up.  <answer248089> Hy you can use disk utility, go to application - utilities - disk utility.  Héré you can find your machintosh disk select it and click on partition then you click on sign plus on bottom of new window, give it a name and size and create it. 