What are the great iPhone apps to discover new music? <body> Back in the days I used Last.fm suggestions  but they are way too generic and aren't useful to me anymore.  I switched to RYM and its recommendation engine is much nicer, however I'm also looking for some strongiPhone apps/strong that would allow me to discover awesome new music on the go.  I'm looking for these features:  ul lian easy way to browse through artists and albums;/li lia wide range of non-mainstream artists;/li lia recommendation engine and/or a smart “similar artists” engine;/li litrack previews (at least 30 sec.);/li lino limitations on total preview play count;/li lino need to subscribe to any paid service;/li liideally, reviews for selected albums;/li lisome kind of bookmarking to store my findings./li /ul  I don't care for the price if the app meets my needs.br What does AppStore have to offer?  Please, post strongone app per answer/strong.  <answer20347> It won't necessarily fulfill all your criteria, but Pandora is a great place to start. :)  Pandora syncs "radio stations" with pandora.com.  These stations are created based a specific type of music, music that sounds like a specific song or artist.  A certain amount of skips are allowed per hour, to find something you like in a particular station. After that point you must listen to what the station has or switch to another station.  <answer20377> h2SuperSonic by HunterMedia/h2  While the app doesn't let you directly browse artists and albums, it definitely uses a terrific recommendation engine and lets you focus on finding the new music—by not standing in  your way and getting a bunch of recommended tracks based on a given artist seed.  Each preview lasts strongfor a whole minute/strong which I think is enough to form an opinion (and bookmark the track). Bookmarked tracks strongcan be re-listened/strong at any time (with the same time constraint). The buy icon link is small and non-obtrusive.  Out of ten tracks I have listened to, I loved eight and two of them were by my two other favorite bands that the app had no way of knowing.  I also came to like the “passive discovery” workflow where  I hear new music without having to browse through the bands and tap tap tap.  Last.fm radio was never even emclose/em to this.    strongAnd SuperSonic is free/strong.  The last bit that got me was adjustable recommendations popularity, danceability, tempo and the ability to ignore these settings altogether.  <answer20406> Discovr is a great app for this. You just enter the name of an artist, and then a list of related artists appear. A network graph appears with all of the artists. You can play previews, and watch videos. Pretty decent app.  <comment22544> Just to clarify, I am not in any way affiliated with the app or recommendation engine (I even live in a different country). It's just that I got exactly what I needed, and even more. <comment22545> A grain of salt: the app won't play music in the hold mode. I guess I can live with that though. <comment22547> Well, unfortunately it's unavailable in Russian App Store (as Pandora itself in Russia) so I can't check it out. But thanks for sharing, others might stumble upon this as well. Generally, we're trying to develop the community around this Q&A by writing definitive, full answers so it would be nice if you could expand yours with some overview of what's (not) in the app, maybe a link and a screenshot could help as well. Thanks! <comment22568> Thanks! I checked it out and it is good. For some reason, however, I keep getting "No songs found for this artist" for any imaginable artist (may have to do with the country I live in). Still, the app is cool.