Cursor freezes for a split second around every 10 seconds <body> My cursor on my Mac (running the latest version of El Capitan) has been freezing for a split second around every 10 seconds – it then reappears in the place it should've been if it hadn't disappeared.  I've tried using a different mouse – still occurs. And have done a PRAM reset.  Anyone have a clue of what could fix this?  <answer245433> I've had that happen to my own Mac and typically for me it was due to a high system load or something else locking the system (like a hard drive failing for example).  Here is a comprehensive list of things to try:  Try leaving Activity Monitor open and check if CPU usage remains consistently high while you are doing your usual tasks. If so, close all running Applications and check again. Also, with all your normal applications open check the Memory tab and see if Memory Used is close to or exceeding Physical Memory. If so, perhaps see if your Mac can have its Memory upgraded? Also, Go to the Disk tab and check Data written/sec: If you're looking at 50 MB/s or above and your Mac does not have an SSD then that's most likely the issue. You can also get this upgraded on most Macs.  You can also try loading your Mac into Safe Boot Mode to force the Mac to check and fix its startup volume from any issues it may have (https://support.apple.com/en-au/HT201262). Once you have done this and are in Safe Boot mode, reboot the Mac and try using it normally again, see if the issue is resolved.  Check your hard drive's health using a tool such as Drive Genius, disclaimer: I do not work for them but only recommend their tool as its quite easy to use and understand. If your hard drive's health isn't great then you should backup your data with Time Machine (https://support.apple.com/en-au/HT201250) and take your Mac to an Apple Store or Authorised Repairer for servicing so they can replace your hard drive.  Try creating yourself a new user account to test in, if you find the cursor is not skipping in the new account it may be an issue with your user account.  Once you have a good backup you can also try restoring your system to a clean state and re-test without your restoring your data on the Mac. If you find that the cursor isn't skipping then the issue may be due to an Application previously installed on your Mac or a corrupt system file. Try restoring just your user account using Migration Assistant once your Mac is in a clean state and you have confirmed the cursor issue is not present  <answer290528> I've had something this issue (mouse freezing momentarily every few seconds), and it was related to my second screen. If I left it turned off after waking from sleep (or having the laptop lid closed), this happened every time.   Also had an issue with it even when the screen was on, and it cleared after I unplugged and replugged the second screen cable.  <comment302566> Are you using a wireless or Bluetooth mouse? <comment304143> Thank you for the detailed answer!  Unfortunately, it looks like it may be a hard drive issue. After wiping the drive and installing a new copy of El Capitan, the problem still occurs.