Can't download full resolution photos <body> I thought that downloading full resolution photos on my computer was as easy as plugging the cable and making an export, but instead I don't know why I just can export thumbnails that have a lower resolution. So I tried the following ways:    ol liIn Photo app, I select some files and then press file - export original not modified photo. But the problem is that sometimes the photos don't get download, I don't get any feedback during the download so I don't know if it's just that the app is taking time to download the photos or if my action has been ignored. And many times I get errors and some files are not downloaded. If I just download the whole moment/album the operation always fails, so I have to download a bunch of few photos per time and it always takes a lot of time and it fails often./li liIn the iCloud website I tried to manually download the photos. I have hundreds of photos so I though that it would have been easy to download them all. Wrong. The download of some photos often fails, some downloads are literally ignored and they get stuck. So I have to manually download few photos per time and alway check if I am not missing one. It takes too long./li /ol  This is complicated by these facts:    ol liThe photos have a different order if I see them in the photos app, in my iPhone or in the iCloud website. Plus when the photos are downloaded, the name of the photo is a sequential number that doesn't respect the same order that is given in the photos app or in the iCloud website. So if I download a bunch of photos and want to check that I am not missing some, it's hard to check if I got them all./li liFor some reason there are duplicate photos. Almost every photo has a duplicate, but it also depends on what I am using to display the photos (e.g.: the iCloud website shows a duplicate which is not shown in the Photos app or viceversa). So when I download the photos I waste more time. /li liSome photos are missing and I can see them only in my iPhone. And if I try to share them via iCloud, only a few of them are actually shared and not in full resolution. Even if from the Photos app I select to download them in full resolution, I get a reduced resolution version./li /ol  I feel like if the photos are not mine. It's like if I took them and gave them to a crazy man that fails to give them back to me. They're mine, why can't I just plug the cable and move them all on my computer?   What is the solution? I can't manually download them all, which app do you suggest to easily retrieve all the full resolution photos without losing much time? 