Messed up admin keychain and now Dock plist doesn't retain settings <body> TL;DR: I messed the admin Keychain and had to empty the ~/Library/Preferences folder to even login to account. Now, Dock arrangements and Safari preferences don't save after reboot.  I have a Mid-2010 Mac mini running 10.7.5 that was having issues with Safari not being able to establish a secure connection to a website that work in Chrome. I decided to go into Keychain Access and delete the certificates for the website in question. When they wouldn't re-download, I tried to restore the Keychain.plist from a backup, but, at some point, Keychain Access wouldn't accept a blank admin password for First Aid (I think). I changed the admin password and ran it again, and changed the admin password back.  After a restart, the machine would boot past the Apple logo and attempt to auto-login. The screen would be white with a grey spinner that would spin, freeze, disappear, spin, freeze, disappear indefinitely. I started up in Safe Mode only to have the same thing occur when trying to login to the user. I booted to the Recovery Partition and ran Disk Repair and Repair Disk Permissions. Still no luck. Back in the Recovery Partition, I ran the resetpassword command from Terminal, changed the password and ran Reset Home Folder permissions and ACLs. Still no luck. I, then, booted into Single User Mode and was able to get the Setupscreen to come back up to allow me to create a new Admin user.At some point after creating the second Admin user, I tried to Reinstall Lion from the recovery partition to see if that would fix the Preferences folder, but the problems persisted.  This new admin user was able to login successfully. I then went in via Terminal and moved the entire contents of ~/Library/Preferences on the original admin account to a new folder titled "Preferences-old". Now, I was able to login to the original admin account. I started to move some of the old Preferences files back except for ones that seemed to pertain to login functions. Rebooted and the account logged in looking like it used to. At this point, I installed some new software and added the icons to the Dock. Rebooted the machine and the icons I added aren't there and it's back to the old layout. Safari also doesn't retain changes to its Preferences.   I'm sure there are other issues, but the Dock one is the big problem for the person who uses this machine. I'm not sure what to do to get the Dock to retain the way I set it. I've thought about trying to migrate the users files to a new admin account, but I'm not sure how to unlock all the permissions to do that.  Any suggestions? Thank you very much in advance! 