Why am I being compelled to renew a purchased extra memory when Apple have degraded me to my initial memory size because of my failure to renew? <body> I purchased extra iCloud storage for my iPad. A Month later, Apple sent me an email to renew the payment for the purchased memory else the extra storage would be degraded to the initial memory size.  I didn't want to make another payment as I don't know why I have to pay another money for a memory i already paid for. Few days later, I got an email from Apple that my memory had been degraded to its previous size prior to the purchase.  The problem now is that Apple still wants me to pay for the renewal there by denying me access to download even free apps. They didn't refund me the money I paid initially for the extra storage, they degraded my extra storage to its original size and still wants me to pay for the renewal. How can I renew something that they have taken back?  Whenever I want to download anything from the app store, I will get the error message that there is a billing problem with my previous purchase and that I should enter another payment method. Please help  <answer194957> iCloud doesn't store apps; apps have to be installed in the actual physical memory inside your phone and that physical memory cannot be increased through an online purchase. I'm not sure if anyone has even physically hacked an iDevice to increase the storage capacity, but it's not something you could have done at the Apple Store nor at any Apple licensed repair shop and it would certainly break your warranty. Apps cannot be run on iOS from any 3rd party storage, neither from a wifi drive nor lightning drive nor via cloud storage. If you purchased additional iCloud storage believing it was possible to run apps from it, you might attempt to get a refund by explaining your confusion on the matter. iCloud can only store data: music &amp; video files, text documents and what we'll call preference files that save user created information like a default ink color to use in a drawing app or how far you got the last time you played a game. The actual drawing app or game has to be installed on the actual phone.  <answer194964> So you made a mistake and purchased extra space on the iCloud so you can use it with your iPad.  You call that extra memory.  Since it is a monthly payment, Apple send you a reminder to pay for the following Month.     You can upgrade your iCloud storage from your iPhone, iPad, iPod   touch, Mac, or PC, and you can choose a total of 20 GB, 200 GB, 500   GB, or 1 TB. After you upgrade, we'll bill you monthly.   see this for pricing https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201238  You will have to pay for the first month to unlock your App Store account.  <comment232670> Are you talking about iCloud storage? <comment232678> Closing for now pending some edit work. You appear to have mixed up memory (physical RAM in your iPad that stores apps, settings, etc. and is paid for once, when you purchase the device) with iCloud storage (storage space in the cloud for storing your information in a centrally-accessible spot for all your devices, that is paid for with a monthly subscription). Also, does not seem related to your payment method problem. <comment232861> iCloud storage is a monthly subscription, not a one-time deal. You need to pay for it every month to keep it.