Notes no longer sync from iOS (iphone and ipad) to OSX (macbook) <body> I've got a Macbook pro running OSX 10.10.5, an iPhone 5s running 10.3.2 and an ipad mini 4 running 1.3.2.  Ive noticed that notes that I make on my iPhone or iPad don't seem to be syncing with the notes app on my laptop. This happened around the time I upgraded my iOS on the phone from iOS 9 to iOS 10.   I've checked and I'm still logged into my iCloud correctly on all devices.   When I go to icloud.com I can see the notes there correctly also.   Any ideas why the notes seem to have stopped syncing to my laptop and how to fix it?   <answer288720> Here are some things you can try:  Log onto iCloud.com and check which notes are present there. This gives you a good idea of which device is properly connected to the Cloud.  The devices which are syncing based on this can be set aside.  On the devices that are not, first verify iCloud Notes are enabled. Then, open Notes and verify the location of the notes. The notes should be kept in "iCloud", not in the local "On my iPhone" account, or in the account for any of your email providers.  If you have verified that iCloud Notes are on, and that the notes are in the iCloud account, you can try turning Notes off then on. If you have newer notes that have not yet synced to iCloud, I recommend moving them to your "On my iPhone" account before doing this (you may need to enable the account in Notes settings).  <answer288769> Once upgraded, iOS 10.x notes won't sync with OS X 10.10 any more.  Apple has added new features to Notes in iOS 9, and again in iOS 10. Because of these new features, iOS 9 Notes cannot be synced to OS X version before 10.11 (El Capitan), and - as far as I remember - iOS 10 Notes cannot be synced to OS X before 10.12 (macOS Sierra).  Your iOS device had probably warned you before upgrading your notes, but you might have forgotten about that.  <comment364605> It's probably pretty obvious, but check to see if Notes are enabled in the iCloud pane of System Preferences. <comment364657> @JMY1000 - that was the first thing i did. And they were