Connecting iPad 'crashed' the display - black screen but cursor responsive <body> Difficult to describe exactly what happened, but best as I can...  ul liMac Pro 08 running El Capitan; all else up to date.  /li liPlugged iPad into a USB cable coming via the wired keyboard.  /li liMac screen went entirely black. Mouse cursor was still active, but no keyboard input would be accepted - any command would give the 'oops, wrong key command' beep.  /li liAs far as I could tell, all apps were still running correctly, behind the scenes, though the only real evidence was that the internet radio was still playing in Safari./li liUnplugging the iPad made no difference./li liPrime consideration - I didn't want to hard power-off the Mac, risk losing work &amp;/or [this has happened before] not being able to boot up until I'd fiddled with Disk Warrior/TechTool etc/li /ul  Incidentally, the iPad shows as Not Charging. I haven't yet investigated whether this is because it's connected through the keyboard rather than directly.  I need to do further research to see what may have been the cause, but I'm going to post an answer myself as to how I got out of the black screen, in case it's useful to others...  <answer260571> Because I didn't want to hard power-off the Mac I had to do a bit of lateral thinking.    I was quite sure that the machine hadn't actually hung, as the radio was still playing, but that perhaps something had upset the Finder, which I think was the frontmost app at the point the iPad was plugged in.  A moment of revelation... what about dialling in remotely?    I went to my other Mac &amp; tried to get in via Screen Sharing.br Success... or not... I could share the screen, but it was still black with just a working cursor.    What if I try to login as myself instead?  Joy!br Screen Sharing showed me the login screen.br I went to check the remote machine, it too was showing the login screen.br I logged the original user back in, rather than myself, &amp; we were up &amp; running again.    I rebooted at that point, normally, &amp; the issue hasn't recurred.  I still have no explanation as to what caused it, but I hope this might help anyone else who sees a similar issue. 