Adding second iCloud account wipes out photostream <body> strong[UPDATE (Aug 12 2013)]/strong  This has been identified by Apple Genius bar as an iCloud  bug.  strongProblem Summary:/strong Photostream tied to primary iCloud account gets wiped out when adding a second iCloud account.  Here's a more detailed explanation of the problem.  My wife and I have our own iDevices.  We would like to share photos but keep contacts &amp; calendar apart.  Sharing iTunes &amp; iCloud Accounts in a Family does an excellent job of explaining the necessary setup.  The gist of the technique is to setup a shared (family) iCloud account.  Set it up as the primary iCloud account on the iDevice and enable photostream.  Then setup a secondary iCloud account and use that for contacts &amp; calendars.  This technique works like a champ right up to the point where you add the second account.  Adding the primary iCloud account dutifully brings up all the shared photos over into the iDevice's photostream.  However as soon as the second iCloud account is added the photostream is blank!  What gives?!  <comment114533> Maybe it needs to have its own Photostream to be populated first ... from, unfortunately, iPhoto. I believe iPhoto is the brains of the whole Photostream setup. <comment114535> @Zo219 I did not follow your suggestion.  Only the main iCloud account on the iDevice (the one setup from Settings  iCloud) can use photo stream.  The iMac has been configured to use the shared (family) iCloud account; and this has the desired effect of causing shared photo stream from iPhoto to show up on all iDevices...until I add the second iCloud account. <comment114653> I confess to not really understanding your comment, can only respond that I have about eight different streams going to and from people, on muy iPad, in addition to my own - and that all tbhe Shared get lumped into one, on MacBook Pro. <comment114691> @Zo219 I don't understand your comments and you don't understand mine :'-( We should just call it quits.  Maybe the Genius Bar at the local Apple store can help.