How to turn off hyperlinks in Notes in iOS so you don't accidentally click them? <body> after you paste a URL in Notes, is there a way to have the hyperlink(?) turned off so you don't click it by accident and be taken to the webpage? It'd be nice if the URL can be there just as pure text.  <answer182686> Unfortunately there is not. There are many posts with a google search that reveal the same answer. If you have Pages for the iPad you can remove the links but not on the simple notes app from Apple.   <answer211446> use a comma for times (5,15 pm) and dates (10,17,2015), instead of colon (5:15 pm) and slash (10/17/2015) when writing in notes.   <answer222822> To remove the hyperlinks, cut the text from the Note and paste into Word for Mac;  a small box will appear at the end of the text asking whether you wish to keep the original's formatting, adopt the formatting of the Word doc, or whether you want to keep "text only."  Chose text only.  The hyperlinks are transformed into simple text.  Cut and paste this back into your Note.  Hope this helps.  <answer222824> It's definitely a frustrating issue. What I do is, after pasting the link into Notes, I add either text or punctuation to the end of the link, with no space in between. Typing a few periods is the easiest for me. That changes .html into .html..., which breaks its format. Notes no longer sees it as a viable address, so it will just be text. If you change your mind, or need to use it to get to the webpage, just erase those periods, and it will become a live link.   <answer226079> Go to Edit then Substitutions and uncheck Smart Links  <answer227102> I just cut and paste in to a new "Mail" composition, cut that and repaste, clunky but the only way I've found that strips all formatting.  <answer227564> To remove hyperlinks on Apple Notes, go to after the hyperlink (if you have more text after the link), but make sure that the cursor is touching the non-highlighted word. You should now be able to delete the link and re-type it after to make it non-highlighted.  If you only have the hyperlink and no other text, you must memorise it, delete the note, go to a new note and re-write the hyperlink there. If this doesn't work, keep repeating the process until it works.  If you are on Pages, highlight the link, and there should be an option to delete the link.  <answer247646> This is probably a recently added function but just in case anyone stumbles on this answer like I did trying to figure it out.  In Apple Notes running in El Capitan (10.11.5) for me, you can right-click on the link and in the menu there is the option to delete the link.  <answer270468> Simply edit the text to include periods.  Whenever I type in an address or phone number in Notes and do not it become a hyperlink, I simply add periods.   Ex.  333.-.333.-.1234.   Mr. Green jeans. 3333. Green Lane. Garden City. WI. 11111.-.1111  <answer270686> Works in strongmacOS Sierra 10.12 beta 4/strong  strongFor people with the same problem under macOS:/strong  Right clicking the link in Notepad: in the menu you do not find the "delete link" option. Do a right click and "copy".  strongMethod 1:/strong Copy the link into TextEdit, right click the link, you will have the delete link option there. Delete the link.  After deleting the link seemingly nothing changes. You have to get rid of the underline and bold attributes yourself.  strongMethod 2:/strong Just copy the link directly into the Xcode editor. It will delete the link automatically.  Then, at the end, You will have to copy the resulting text back into Notepad.  This seems Notepad is still in development. Some seemingly natural features are still missing. In spite of that, I just love Notepad and use it a lot.  <comment255276> The original question was asking about URLs, specifically. Though this workaround works for dates and times, it doesn't work for URLs. <comment274490> The question is asking about "Notes *in iOS*" <comment317955> I know the question asked about iOS, but I was trying to find the answer for Mac and found this, and it was just what I was looking for! Thanks! <comment340186> Good to know, and useful information, but the question was about iOS, not macOS! <comment363763> Wow this is annoying. Links even appear in the middle of new sentences I just typed after I hit "Done" editing. There must have been something there before?? They some places they build up and seem to take over the text more on each edit. I guess I'd have to start a new note to get rid of that.