What are M4 & T4 protocol of Hearing aid compatibility of GSM & CDMA model of iPhone 4? <body> Saw this in Wikipedia (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iphone_4):   strongHearing aid compatibility/strong  pre GSM 3G 850/1,900 MHz M4, T4 2G 850 MHz M3, T3 2G 1,900 MHz M2, T3  CDMA M4, T4 /pre  So what do M4, T4, M2, ...  mean?  <answer133171> If you see a strongM3/strong, strongM4/strong, strongT3/strong or strongT4/strong on the box then the phone has been designated as HAC compliant.   strongAbout the T/strong     "T" refers to the phone's coupling ability and is intended for use   with hearing aids in the telecoil mode. The higher the "T" number the   more likely you will be able to use the phone with your hearing aid on   the telecoil setting. A telecoil is a small device that is built into   some hearing aids for use with the telephone as well as assistive   listening devices. To use the telecoil, generally either the hearing   aid is switched to the "T" position or a button on the hearing aid is   pushed to select the telecoil program. The telecoil picks up magnetic   fields generated by telephones and converts these fields into sound.   Telecoils are particularly useful for telephone communication because   they permit the volume control of a hearing aid to be turned up   without creating feedback or "whistling," and background noise can be   reduced especially when using cell phones in noisy places. That is why   hearing aid phones are important. They give you the ability to control   and process sound.   source: betterhearing.org  strongAbout the difference between M and T/strong     An "M" rating measures compatibility with acoustic hearing aids while   a "T" rating measures compatibility with induction hearing aids. So   the higher the number (e.g., M3, M4 etc.) the more compatible the   handset. Generally, handsets rated "M3" or "T3" by ANSI or better are   considered compliant with FCC requirements. Acoustic Hearing Aids   M3-rating indicates the handset has satisfied the ANSI standard   M4-rating indicates the handset has exceeded the ANSI standard      Induction Hearing Aids T3-rating indicates the handset has satisfied   the ANSI standard T4-rating indicates the handset has exceeded the   ANSI standard   source: uscellular.com 