How to connect iOS Mail app to Gmail with two-step verification <body> This is an issue that I run across every time I modify my two-step verification settings in Gmail or set up a new phone. I've asked this question to Google enough times. Now I think I'm qualified to ask it to myself.  If you've set up Gmail as your default Mail app account and you use two-step verification, then Mail won't work if you haven't properly set up your device (and you might not even know it's not working if you're using the Gmail app as your main mail app until you try to share via email something in another app and realize it never gets sent).  There doesn't seem to be a simple user-friendly answer to this problem out there, so after running into this issue and solving it yet again, I figured I'd write out instructions for others to follow.  <answer142041> So you've already set up two-step verification in Gmail...   (If not, now is probably a good time to do so.)   But now that you have 2-step enabled, you can't use your old gmail password to sync your iOS Mail app to Gmail. You will have to sign into Gmail on your phone using a special app password which you can find by signing into Google at your two-step settings page:  https://accounts.google.com/SmsAuthConfig  Then click the strong"App-specific passwords"/strong tab, and then the strong"Manage application specific passwords"/strong button.  At this point you may see that you've already set up an app password for your device, but if you've recently reconfigured your two-step settings or activated a new phone, then you'll need to "Revoke" access and set up a new app password.  Set up a new app password for Mail by selecting "Mail" on my "iPhone" (or other iOS device) in the dropdowns and click "Generate".  Next, follow the directions provided by Google:     ol   liOpen “Settings” on your iPhone./li   liSelect “Mail, Contacts, Calendars”./li   liSelect your Google Account from the list of available accounts./li   liEdit your account information and replace your password with the 16-character password shown below./li   /ol   It's as easy as that.  <comment187345> Bingo.  This is what I do to configure YouTube on my Rokus, Apple TVs, and iOS devices. <comment201738> Brilliant. Thanks very much! <comment264602> In iOS v9.1 the Settings / Mail-Contacts-Calendars / Gmail / Account screen has no password field for your Gmail account. So after setting up 2-factor authentication, how do you change the password? You must convince it to put up its own screen (webpage) that accepts your gmail username and gmail password (NOT a generated app password), then it texts you a code and requires you to enter it, then it finally caches some credentials. Sorry that this is a little vague, it worked for me today but I didn't log each step. <comment374111> The process to generate the app specific password seems to have changed. The steps are outlined here: https://www.lifewire.com/get-a-password-to-access-gmail-by-pop-imap-2-1171882