No hover feedback in OS X Yosemite <body> I recently upgraded to OS X Yosemite. Everything works fine but for some odd reason my cursor fails to highlight (provide feedback on anything I hover on any options).  As an example (if I'm not explaining this very well):  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/eVfFb.png" alt=""  When I hover over the options in the Safari menu (or any other menu, nothing shows up as a blue background as you would expect (it only turns blue after I've clicked it).    I've been running Mavericks for a long while, and I had no issues.    I'm not sure if the mouse has a part to play, I'm using Mad Catz R.A.T3, anyone know if this as an issue with Yosemite? Or are aware of a fix?  <answer151400> I have the same problem with Mad Catz R.A.T. 5. I haven't tried to fix it yet, but it appears that the driver is the cause of the problems.  <answer151439> I had the same issue with my Mad Catz MMO 7 and I fixed the problem! If you download the latest driver software from http://madcatz.com/downloads/ for Mavericks (OS X 10.9) it fixes the problem. You will have to restart your computer in the process.  <answer152728> I reached out to MadCatz support and they have a workaround to get the Mavericks drivers working in Yosemite:     Go to System Preferences - Security &amp; Privacy - Privacy - Unlock to   make changes      In the list "Allow the apps below to control your computer" ticked the   following:      ul   liMadCatzSmartTechnology/li   liMad Catz Editor”/li   /ul   <answer159586> For me the same with a Logitech MX connected to a unifying receiver. I did repair the mouse with the Unifying software provided by Logitech and then it worked again.   <answer205769> For what it's worth, my mouse isn't compatible with the Macbook Air A1466...I'm using a Logitech M510. For the longest time, it worked flawlessy with my 2011 Macbook Pro. Switched my computer yesterday for work, and a large part of it's functionality ceased to work. Including the hover option.   <answer252768> I'm having the same problem now in El Capitan with a RAT 3, and none of the above advice worked for me. I emailed their support and received the following reply (very quickly, to their credit):     Thank you for contacting the MadCatz Tech Support Team.      Please be advised that our developers are still working on a software for the most recent versions of the Mac operating systems.      Unfortunately, we cannot provide you with a time frame when this will be available.      What we can suggest is to use the device as a plug and play one or to ask for a refund if you have recently purchased it.      I am sorry I cannot assist you with this.   I guess I'll just put up with it and hope that a fix happens sometime. I'll comment here if I do get more information.  <answer265102> For me uninstall and install lastest Mad Catz RAT Driver 1.1.69 nothing changed. But when I delete MadCatz from Application and every file with name contain 'madcatz' from my drive and restart computer - hover function with my R.A.T. 9 work again. But sadly every time when I unplug my MacBook from Display problem appears again. When plug in Thunderbolt Display again to MacBook I must restart system.  <comment178204> Ah, I downloading the drivers, I forgot to restart.  As soon as I did restart, the problem was resolved, thank you! <comment229976> I've been fighting my mouse for 2 days, and this fixed it.  To anyone else, by "repair" he means to unpair and pair again. <comment248134> Could you add what drivers if any you use with the mentioned mice? It seems a pointer is t just a pointer for hover functionality ...