How to turn off 3G on Iphone 5 after update? <body> I'm from Bulgaria (but this problem might not be Country related) and after update to iOS-8, I can't turn off my 3G or I have the option to turn on/off LTE only.   I don't want to be always on 3G because my battery consumption.  <answer145703> I don't there is anything much you can do now since this is a change to iOS. After the update the toggle is only between 3G and LTE and no more 2G and 3G toggle. Also, you won't be able to revert to iOS 7 for long if at all, so try that if you really must revert this functionality.  hr  From an experience standpoint, I really don't think you will run out of battery if you're on 3G. I would advise you to not use mobile data while travelling around a lot because with frequent changing of signal towers could lead to draining of battery.  Although I've seen a method to edit the preference file after jailbreak to fix this issue but it never worked for me.  <answer145849> I'm sympathetic to people in this situation since when the cellular radio is turned to max power to reach a distant cell tower, the battery drains several times more rapidly than if you were where coverage is good.  In the short term, here's things you can do to improve things:  ul liLeave LTE on and turn on sharing data with Apple. Show that the battery life is far less than before./li liOpen an AppleCare ticket and a support ticket with your wireless carrier. Both track the volume of issues and can perhaps push out a software change to address this change for people like you./li liGet a micro hotspot to boost the base station your device connects to./li /ul  Long term, unless the software goes into power savings mode more aggressively (or the function is still the same even though the label is different) - only a fix from Apple or your carrier building closer base stations will let your phone get longer battery life by reducing the power to the antenna.  <comment171730> What happens when you turn off LTE? Presumably the phone uses 3G?