Why can't I add Apple Music I already own in Shared Playlists? <body> I would appear as though I cannot always add music to a shared playlist if it clashes with something I have already ripped and uploaded.  I know that I can't just add songs I own and uploaded to a Shared Playlist, because the recipient won't be able to see them.  The problem is, even if I go to Apple Music and find the song there (with a '+' icon so I know it's not mine), it assumes I want to add my own uploaded version and therefore doesn't show up to others.  ul liAlready have track "X" uploaded to Apple Music/li liGo to Apple Music Browse section, search for "X" on Apple Music/li liSong shows with a '+' symbol (so it's not identical to my uploaded one)/li liClick on the '…' and choose "Add to Playlist", add it to the shared playlist/li liGo to Shared Playlist and file is marked as "Uploaded" and not "Apple Music"/li liCheck Shared Playlist through web link, song is not there/li /ul  This appears to be an issue on both iOS and Mac. Can anyone think of a way round this please? I don't want to have to delete my own music just to be able to share it with others!  <answer291618> Firstly, as users we do not emown/em any content on Apple Music. We are simply paying a license fee to access it. It is never our property. As such, the rights extended to us by Apple do not permit us to share it with others.   As noted in this Apple Support page for music sharing...  strongHome Sharing/strong     Apple Music content can't be shared using Home Sharing.   strongMusic Sharing/strong     Apple Music content can't be shared using Music Sharing.   <comment369287> I am not talking about sharing over a home network, I am talking about Shared Playlists. I am perfectly within my rights as an Apple Music subscriber to share my playlists with other Apple Music subscribers. They actually provide this functionality. It just doesn't work properly. <comment369290> You are uploading your own music to iCloud Music Library and attempting to share it with those who do not own it. As you say in your post, the music you add is recognized as "Uploaded". <comment369338> I wrote "I know that I can't just add songs I own and uploaded to a Shared Playlist, because the recipient won't be able to see them." The issue is that even if I try to add a song *from* Apple Music into the playlist, it associates that song with the one I uploaded and therefore tries to add that one instead. The only way round this I can see is to delete my legitimately uploaded song file so it is forced to add the one from Apple Music. But I don't want to do that because then I lose my non-DRM'd track. <comment369357> The solution is to keep locally a copy of what you want to own, and access Apple Music for what you don't. There's not a lot of value to offloading your property to iCloud while also trying to access an Apple Music version of the same thing. <comment369421> Then I won't be able to listen to the rare stuff I own from all my devices. I was originally an iTunes Match subscriber and still find this feature incredibly useful. I shouldn't have to change the way in which I manage my music just because Apple has a playlist bug. Out of the two options, I'd rather put up with the playlist bug. But it is frustrating.