Is "flash storage" the same "SSD"? <body> I'm looking to see if the two are interchangeable and if not what the differences are.   If the two in fact have a difference, perhaps adding devices or cases where each are normally used over the other.  <answer124848> Yes and no.  Flash storage is storage that uses electronically programmable and erasable memory modules with no moving parts. It refers to a very specific implementation of data storage. It can come in different packages though: wrapped in a hard, plastic envelope you slide in to your camera; mounted to a PCB stick with exposed connectors and docked inside your MacPro; or mounted inside a drive enclosure that's slid in to an existing drive bay.  SSD, or Solid State Drive, refers to an enclosed storage device that's meant to act as a disk for a computer, but is lean on details about what's inside the enclosure and being used to store the data.  Technically, "solid state" just refers to "electronics with no moving parts". So a "solid state drive" that used ferromagnetic fluids to store data is still an emSSD/em.  And indeed, SSDs have been around for a long time with a variety of different solid state storage mediums inside of them to keep those 1's and 0's persistent. However, in this day and age, at the time I'm writing this, SSDs are generally filled with (you guessed it): flash-type memory modules. Though flash-based SSDs generally carry the property that their enclosure is built to mirror that of a typical 2.5" spinning drive disk enclosure with an SATA interface so that it can act as a drop-in replacement for a mechanical disk.  <answer124864> An SSD has flash storage inside but SSD is a special form factor, in most cases meaning that it is designed to fit in places that a normal 2.5" HDD would be installed. Flash comes in a huge range of formats from tiny cards for phones and cameras and in Macs it can be an SSD, mSATA, and PCIe form factors.  So if you have a flash device in the shape of a 2.5" drive it is an SSD. MacBook Airs, Retinas, new iMacs, and  the new Mac Pro all use PCIe form factors giving even better performance.  <answer293807> emCredit for this answer goes to/em https://danielmiessler.com  strongDifference Between SSD and Flash Memory/strong  strongBASICS/strong  ul liSSD stands for Solid State Disk, and it means storage that doesn’t require moving parts. This concept has been around for decades, and originally it was RAM-based, i.e. the storage was similar to today’s regular computer memory. This means it was volatile, so it required that power was continuously applied or the data would be lost./li liFlash storage is also relatively old technology, but started as a way to permanently store information without power being applied./li liFlash storage has traditionally had significant aging issues. Basically you could only write to the memory a certain number of times before you would lose that section of the drive, and performance would generally get worse over time as well./li liAs these issues with Flash storage started getting better (in the late 2000’s), manufacturers started making SSDs out of Flash memory instead of out of RAM./li liModern SSD hard drives are Flash-based, so today there’s not really a difference today between SSD and Flash. SSD is simply a disk that doesn’t have moving parts, and Flash is the implementation that allows that to happen./li liUSB thumb drives have used Flash storage for a long time as well, but the quality of the Flash storage in those is typically much lower than the Flash memory used in SSDs. This means much worse performance, etc./li /ul  strongSUMMARY/strong  ul liSSD just means a hard disk that doesn’t move Flash is a type of memory that is very fast and doesn’t require continuous power (non-volatile)/li liSSDs used to use RAM, but now use Flash instead In short, you shouldn’t compare Flash to SSD just as you shouldn’t compare batteries to lithium-ion. In both cases the latter is a type of the former./li /ul  <comment187434> you both raise great specifics but Andrew seemed to answer the OQ even though I feel I learned a bit more with Ian's answer :P <comment205709> If you found one of the posts below answered your question, you might want to mark it as the answer. <comment370790> +1. Are there any SSD's that don't have flash storage? I was under the impression all SSD's used flash storage? Flash storage is what makes it a "Solid State Drive", otherwise it would have a spinning disk. <comment370791> So the short answer: `Flash storage is a component of an SSD`