Stop Firefox from asking me about blocking Flash <body> Lately it seems like there's a new "critical" update to Flash every week or so. And every single time this happens Firefox begins prompting me to Allow or Disallow flash on every single website I visit which uses it. Until in frustration I give in and update Flash.  The thing is, I don't necessarily want to update flash. I also don't want to continually click "Allow" on a multitude of websites.  Is there a global configuration setting that either says "Allow Flash forever on all websites" or "Stop asking me I don't care, just leave me alone already Firefox"  Note: Flash is already set to "Always Activate" so that doesn't work.  This is something strongnew/strong that's just begun happening and it happens across all platforms I use firefox on - Linux, OS X and Windows.  <answer170923> You need to disable the automatically redownload of blocklist.xml in about:config, as described below - source: http://kb.mozillazine.org/Blocklist.xml     blocklist.xml is a file in the profile folder.      blocklist.xml contains a list of add-ons that Mozilla considers to be harmful to the user (contains security vulnerabilities, adversely affects browsing experience, etc.). Any installed add-on on the block list will be disabled and any attempt to install an add-on on the block list will result in an error. A list of the add-ons currently on the block list can be found on the Mozilla Add-ons Blocklist page.      blocklist.xml is by default automatically downloaded once a day from mozilla.com. The blocklist functionality can be disabled by extensions.blocklist.enabled, be modified to point to a different URL by extensions.blocklist.url, and changed in frequency by extensions.blocklist.interval.      strongEditing/strong      blocklist.xml is by default automatically redownloaded once a day. As such, any changes made will be overwritten. If you wish to edit this file manually, it's recommended you turn off the update functionality by changing extensions.blocklist.url to be null.      The syntax of the file is described here.      strongMoving/strong      This file can be moved to a different profile without any extra effort, but since it's automatically overwritten once a day, there's no point.      strongDeleting/strong      Deleting blocklist.xml will clear the block list until the file is redownloaded.    <answer195883> Had problems with Flash as well. Also Firefox would not allow setting "Always activate". After trying to load the latest version (unsuccessfully) many times I uninstalled it from my system (Windows XP) and downloaded the latest version - not through Adobe - but at http://labs.adobe.com/downloads/flashplayer.html Load the latest 18.0.0.205 Beta version. No problems so far. Hope this helps.  <comment201060> I think you might just be cooler than school. <comment317533> Won't this stop asking about ALL plugins, though? What if one wants to avoid this for Flash only, but the other problematic plugins SHOULD be checked?  Isn't this killing a fly with a grenade?