How can I open a folder called something.app in various applications? <body> For whatever reason, I created a folder on my Mac called customer.app, and it contains a python module.  I want to open that folder and it's files in applications like BBEdit and GitX, but the open dialog shows this folder as greyed out and won't let me select them.  Are there any settings or properties I can set on this folder to tell my Mac that it is just a regular old folder?  <answer62418> It is doing this due to the name of the folder, ending in .app  Applications on Mac OS (and iOS for that matter) are actually 'app bundles', containing various resources and executables in a folder ending with .app.   The reason this is grayed out is because the Save/Open box would automatically filter those out.   In Mountain Lion on my MacBook Air, if I do the same thing by making a folder with .app at the end, it asks if you are sure you want to do it, and then won't even let you open it through Finder. Much less use and open or save dialog.   I would recommend renaming the folder if you can. It looks like you may have to do this through Terminal. That would be just as easy as running codemv customer.app customerdotapp/code.   I do not know of a workaround on allowing the .app at the end of the folder name.  <answer95942> In Finder you can view the contents of a folder whose name ends in code.app/code by doing:   CTRL+left click-Show package contents   <answer95943> strongUPDATE: Recent versions of OS X have removed this ability. The answer below applies to OS X 10.9 or earlier./strong  A simple right-click of the folder will enable you to view the contents using "Show Package Contents."  If you're trying to access the folder from a Save/Open dialog, then try changing your view type from icons to emColumn mode/em.  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/ZMjRh.png" alt="x"  <answer237416> I know this thread is old, but am sharing in case someone stumbles across it as I did.  On my Yosemite based Mac, it appears that naming a directory with the .service extension also has the same effect.  Changing the extension name in the command line to something else allowed it to be accessed in Finder.    This may be true on older Mac O/S's; I don't know for sure.  Since my folder did not have the .app extension, this thread helped me to at least try changing the extension name as a test.  I was not aware of this issue until I found this thread.    <comment269431> This no longer seems to work in 10.11. When I right click the only options that appear are "Rename, Move to Trash, Duplicate, Quick Look" <comment279608> Is there a way to "advance" into a package/bundle in Column view? specifically, in Xcode, I need to select an executable to run when setting up a workspace scheme (Xcode 7.x - latest) but it "stops" on the border of my ".app" bundle, and will dig no further. I want to debug my "user agent" that resides within the package itself...