How to pack MagSafe cable to prevent its breaking? <body> I am looking for a (most) powercord-safe way to pack my MagSafe adapter for a daily backpack commute.  Official Apple recommendations (as illustrated by third-party videos like this) don't prevent the breaks at all, as my experience with 2 MagSafes showed.  Third-party supplements promising a solution don't sound very convincing:  ul liMagSavior is clearly a hard-plastic solution which just moves the cord breaking point farther from the adapter/li liThe Fray Fix seems nearly impossible to install despite looking promising after that/li /ul  <answer151010> One solution, if you can afford it, is to purchase another adapter and leave it at work. That's what I did after replacing one. Saves weight and bulk in the book bag, too!  Another idea is a plastic or metal case of just the right size to hold the adaptor without bending the cabling.  Reinforcing the ends with white gaffer's tape is also a solution. If you grew up taping your eye-glasses together because you were a nerd, this is a perfect solution.   Lastly, leaving a loop in the cable where it exits the adapter body, (as illustrated in the Apple page,) instead of a sharp bend, is the next best remedy.  <answer151038> One method I use on all my power adaptors is to loop the cable and secure it with a piece of Velcro. I will generally either keep folding the cable in half until it is a bit longer than fist size, or just loop it back and forth in a “S” pattern that is about fist size. I do NOT loop it in a circle.  I find these methods keep the cord safe and tangle free, allow quick deployment, and don’t put pressure where the cable comes out of the adaptor. I have never suffered from frayed cables using this method.  If you don’t have a Velcro strap, a rubber band will work.   Here's a photo of 2010 adapter that has been deployed around the world. Dirty, but fully functional, and no frays!  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/rBrUX.jpg" alt="2010 MacBook Pro power adapter "  <comment177780> Thanks! Could you attach a photo demonstrating how it looks?