How to remove SSL exception Safari <body> I don't have enough rep to comment on this question which would probably be more appropriate than asking a new question: How do you remove SSL certificate exceptions on OS X?  I just tried this on OSX 10.12.5 with Safari 10.1.1 and it's not a solution for me.  I can't find the exception'ed certificate anywhere to delete or change it's permissions.  I've also chosen to show invisble items and expired items in the keychain and closed/reopened Safari.  Personally I think the browser itself should include an option to revoke the exception instead of jumping through the OS, if it makes it so easy to set it, it should be just as easy to remove it from the same place like other modern browsers allow for.  Back story: I visited a website I recently created and added the Cloudflare Universal Edge certificate however my domain is actually serving up my server's CloudFlare Origin certificate which is untrusted and should only be used for traffic between my server and Cloudflare.  I know this is NOT an OSx or Safari issue however...  In Safari, I accepted the exception because 1) I know my website is completely safe and 2) I needed to access it right away while CF helps me figure out the problem is of the wrong cert being provided.  However I need to remove this exception so I can test my site's SSL properly ensuring it's fixed.  I'm forced to use another machine.  The problem is the recently added exception is not listed anywhere in keychain access.  So what do I do?  I'm a web developer and if this is giving me this much headache how does Apple expect non technical folks to handle this?  <comment372031> I'd try isolating the issue with different browsers. Try chrome, it uses the system keychain as well. If it doesn't alert you to the exception, you know it's in you keychain—use the search box to narrow down possible candidates. Try Firefox, it handles exceptions internally. If Firefox doesn't alert you to the exception then you know the problem lies elsewhere.