IOS: Bluetooth not auto connecting to previously paired device <body> My IOS devices DO NOT auto-connect (auto-pair) to a bluetooth audio receiver device. However this works as expected on Android and OSX Yosemite. Thus I do not think it is the Bluetooth receiver that needs to be reset.  What am I doing wrong? How do I correct this?  I have a little-known bluetooth stereo system receiver: BeeWi bbr100. http://www.bee-wi.com/bluetooth-stereo-music-receiver-bbr100-beewi,us,4,BBR100-A 1.cfm  Steps on all devices tested are:  ol liTurn on Bluetooth/li liSelect and pair beewi bbr100 device (never paired until now)/li liWorks fine, plays music./li liTurn off Bluetooth/li liTurn on Bluetooth/li liIOS Does not automatically pair it, says 'not connected'. On Android and Macbook air, it connects automatically./li /ol  Summary of my testing:  iPad Mini OSX 8.1.2 - No  iPhone 4s OSX 7.0.5 - No  Nexus 5 Android Lollipop - Yes  Macbook Air OSX Yosemite - Yes  I did go through the Apple troubleshooting guide. Yes, I did reset network settings. Yes, I did log out of icloud. Yes, I did do a Hard reboot. Yes I did rest the Bluetooth device.  Is there something I'm doing wrong, something I don't understand, or something broken?  <answer216220> You could try -   ol liOpen the Settings app on your iOS device./li liScroll down and tap General./li liNext tap Handoff &amp; Suggested Apps./li liTurn off Handoff./li /ol  This is normally used to allow you to carry on browsing on other Apple devices.  <answer257805> I had a similar issue with a similar setup.   My headphones wouldn't connect to my iPhone automatically. What i noticed is that my MacBook was actually faster to connect to them that my phone whenever I turned them on and both devices were in range. That prevented connecting with headphones.  When I turn them on in isolation with my iPhone, they connect fine.   My Steps : - Turn on bluetooth on iphone - Turn on headphones   <answer266711> I did enough research that I've got this one nailed. The big concern the phone vendors have is they don't want to wind up "brokering" complaints about real-time audio latency! Also they don't want to be seen as "heavies" coming in and wiping out the analog wireless mic market. The BIG latency problem on wifi for example is "hidden latency" from retries because unlike recorded media like CDs there is NO "embedded error correction", it's all retries (and it's not delays from bad firmware in the router, I looked into that too). What Apple WILL "tolerate" is transmission over AirPlay (they have a similar mechanism for files called AirDrop) but to use it you're required to connect BOTH wifi and Bluetooth and it's up to iOS to pick the one to use, they "build in" a giant 2 second real-time buffer (read 2 second real-time DELAY) which just means regardless of actual transmission issues the video and audio cross the finish line at the same time, their competition Chromecast is even LONGER (OK for streaming, bad for live). Raw Bluetooth latency isn't so bad but connectivity is an issue. So Apple "addresses" this by only pairing with "passive" Bluetooth devices (and maybe a speaker or two but certainly not a receiver). Android devices will "pair" OK but have you ever seen a Bluetooth mic app for Android, there isn't one! (Although to really get latency down you'd need a Nexus 5X or 6P or Pixel anyway.) There's also issues that between PC, iOS, Android no two of them use Bluetooth stacks from the same vendor which gives "plausible deniability". Wish I had better news, sorry!  <comment206640> I have noticed that some Bluetooth speakers seem to automatically re-pair with the last device that was connected to it, while others do not. But I'm surprised to hear that this speaker is automatically re-pairing with some devices but not others. <comment298091> Could you explain why Handoff would have an effect on Bluetooth ? They're two different things. <comment322103> Just to be clear, the iPad and iPhone are not connected to anything at all like your MacBook or another device? <comment334461> How does any of that relate to the question being asked? <comment334472> It's designed NOT TO MAKE THAT CONNECTION for the elaborated list of technical and marketing issues, trying to "fix it" is a fool's errand. So stop trying already! <comment354994> You do not use the terms correctly. Pairing and Connecting are different things. Pairing is for *allowing* two devices to talk to in the future. That often involves some process to make sure that someone's not hijacking your device, e.g. by letting you enter a passcode. Connecting is when paired devices actually talk to each other. Your problem is apparently with re-connecting, not with pairing.