Thunderbolt SSD or USB 3 SSD - Need an external SSD drive <body> I'm planing to get an SSD(500GB) probably Samsung EVO or Corsair(LS,LX,GT) &amp; seagate thunderbolt adapter for my macbook pros' 2011 and 2013 Retina. brbr ⌘ - I've already upgraded my 2011 MBP with Samsung EVO 250GB and it's performance is fantastic.brbr  So here's my question -  strongUsing SSD externally with thunderbolt worth it?/strong both in terms of money and speed. brbr My basic purpose of getting SSD for external use -   ol liKeep all my data (mostly movies), don't like keeping them on my laptop to eat space./li listrongI travel a lot/strong and never liked carrying those bulky Seagate goflex external hard drives, I'm more of a go bare 2.5 HDD guy because they are thin and small, unfortunately mechanical strongHDD's are fragile but SSD's aren't/strong, they are already in a metal casing so all i need is an adapter to connect. br/li /ol  So should I go and get an SSD with thunderbolt adapter, will it deliver the same speed as the it delivers when placed internally? I'm open to getting an strongUSB 3.0 adapter/strong too (just to keep the cost low). brbr I'm aware of Lacie rugged thunderbolt SSD drive, honestly I don't like its life boat design. too bulky fatso! - - the max i want to use on SSD is a Silicon skin.  brbrSo please do consider those strongbold/strong face points while replying. thanks. It's my first post here.  <answer140346> i've looked at external SSD's for my mac as well. they seem to be pretty pricey for their purpose. Regards the speed, thunderbolt delivers about 10Gb/s which is plenty. it seems at least as fast as an internal SSD, and a heck a lot faster than USB 3.0. If you have to absolutley get an external SSD, get one that supports thunderbolt, or even better to get one that supports thunderbolt 2.0.  <answer195287> I have a Samsung 540 EVO 1TB drive running with a Seagate Thunderbolt adapter - and the performance is stunning.  Way faster than USB3.  The Thunderbolt SSD option is very nice for loading and entire OS and using it on different machines.  <comment165401> Welcome to Stack Exchange Ask Different! I asked myself the same question a few months ago and went with an external LaCie Rugged SSD w/Thunderbolt for my MB Air and home iMac. I partitioned it so half was a Time Machine backup, and the other half for files I need whilst traveling, movies, iTunes music, games, etc. Time Machine ops from SSD  SSD are blindingly fast, and games load very quickly. I like the rugged housing because I am a klutz. USB 3 can be extremely quick as well, but I fill my USB ports with other tools (Gig ethernet adaptor, wired keyboard, etc.) <comment165452> I only read about a MBP 2011, does your computer have a USB 3 connection? <comment170186> Hey guys thanks for replying. I finally went and got the seagate thunderbolt adapter and Samsung EVO 250GB SSD. I don't use the SSD in any enclosure, all I do is connect it to the adapter and enjoy. But retina and 2011 works great. I'm getting read speed around 400-500.