Unable to verify account name or password <body> My Mac Pro asks for an e-mail and password. I was unable to remember them, I got a new password, but I'm still receiving a message 'unable to verify account name or password'.  <answer246090> I suspect your old password is still in the Keychain; go to Applications  Utilities  Keychain Assistant. Search for your account (usually your email) or the server used. Then doubleclick on the entry and check the checkbox in front of Show Password. Verify that it's the new password which is stored there. It's safe to delete multiple entries of the same account, you should just have one entry.  The background is that Apple Mail.app will first try and use the password(s) stored in the login Keychain and when those fail, it will prompt the user to enter the new password.  See this article on how to manage your Keychain.  <answer294445> I had a similar problem when I changed my email password via the service providers web login. The browser gives the facility to show your password so I could double check I had the correct new password for my Mac Mail client. However, I kept getting the same error 'unable to verify user name or password'. I contacted the service provider, BT in this instance, for them to confirm there was nothing wrong with my account and I should contact Apple. Despite reminding them that this account had worked fine until the password was changed they had nothing else to offer. So I set about trying another email client on other device, a) using MS Mail and b) Thunderbird on Windows 10. Again I was unable to set up the BT mail account.  In desperation I changed my password once more, this time making sure I only used plain text characters and, hey presto, MS Mail connected, Mac Mail connected and I was back up and running.  The problem appears to be that the login via the web browser seems accept non text characters e.g. '+' but these somehow do not pass through the same from external clients.   <comment302832> It's a hotmail account <comment302835> Which mail client do you use? If you are using Apple Mail, did you set up your account correctly? <comment322095> Tell me please I'not correct but you mean if you open Mail you need a password of your hotmail Account. Is it so, you only need to enter the Password of your hotmail Account to Access you E-Mails.