Can Touch ID unlock a personal SSH key? <body> Is it possible to use the Touch ID fingerprint reader to unlock my SSH key?  I have a MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, and I have a traditional text passphrase for my SSH key right now.  I have noticed that I don't get a system dialog asking for my passphrase on 10.12, so this probably isn't a thing, but if I could do it, it would be AMAZING.  <answer265790> You could easily write an wrapper to translate touchid calls into ssh and back again. Even further translate a ~ possible match into a range sequence (think close but incomplete painting) - no magic there. I used the camera for that before when touchid seemed like a tricorder feature from star trek :-)  Try making such App yourself, a good motivation to learn Swift! Apple has good doc's around all of their SDK's so after initial pain of Xcode you can do it in few days.  Seems like a good idea to use the feat. even when everybody will tell you of gazillions possible security risks that are, well, possible (like a lot of other things). You will need a dev account though (99$/year...), since self-signed apps cant access all macOS SDKs functionalities, touchID is (possibly) not accessible without signing.   <answer266006> At present TouchID unlocking of an SSH key is strongnot available/strong for macOS.  ol liThe sudo-touchid Xcode project demonstrates how to build a command line application that is TouchID enabled and fails over to a passcode dialog. It runs on the 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. However, it is for codesudo/code, not ssh. This indicates that the idea is technically feasible./li liThe Prompt 2 SSH client has TouchID support -- for iOS, not macOS. This indicates that comparable applications might become available from commercial developers./li liOne developer online started an ssh touchid wrapper project a few months ago -- although it is an empty project stub. This indicates that others may be asking a similar question to yours./li /ol  <comment333390> Sorry -- I can't edit this myself. The title might more appropriately be "Can one use Touch ID for SSH key passphrases?"