What's the current state of delta updates for iOS apps? Were they ever promised? If not, any word from Apple on if it will come? <body> I'm quite sure that I read, in more than one place, that one of the features of iOS 5 was to be delta updates for apps. However, the massive download that was required for an update to Infinity Blade II (a great example of just the sort of app delta updates would be tremendously useful for) suggests to me that its update was done the old way, by a complete download of the entire new version of the app.  To make perfectly clear, I'm asking about when and if we can expect delta updates for strongiOS apps/strong. Mac programs in the Mac App Store do not interest me. Another thing that might have confused reporting in the run-up to the release of iOS 5 is the fact that over the air updates for iOS itself are delta updates. Could it be that Apple never even promised delta updates for apps, and the press simply got these two things confused?  Edited to add: Since my original question wasn't clear, I'll try again. I know that right now, there are no iOS app delta updates. What I'm curious about:  ul liHad Apple ever explicitly told developers or the press that they would be doable in iOS 5?/li liIf so, does anyone know why it hasn't happened?/li liIf not, has anyone heard if it's being worked on for the future?/li /ul  <answer33237> I believe you mixed the two.  strongiOS/strong supports delta update, but only for the OS itself. strongiOS 5.0.1/strong was a ~40MB update.  strongMac OS X/strong supports delta update for the Mac App Store apps.  <answer92659> iOS 6 now supports delta app updates.  This is awesome, and makes Real Racing 3 (a 1.1GB app) update in about 30 seconds instead of 20 minutes!  https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/#qa/qa1779/_index.html     Q:  How can I reduce the downloaded size of my app update for users   that already have the previous version installed?      A: Starting with iOS 6, the app store will automatically produce an   update package for all new versions of apps submitted to the store.   This package is optimized for updating an app from one version to   another, and contains files that have changed between the prior   version of an app and the new version of the app, excluding files that   have not changed.      When used optimally, an update package is significantly smaller to   download than the full package of the app and the update will install   more quickly. Also, in many cases, this mechanism allows updates to   large apps to be downloadable over cellular networks where app   downloads are subject to a size limit.      In addition to new content, the update package contains instructions   on how to transform the prior version of the app into the new version   of the app. New files will be added, modified files will be replaced   with their updated counterpart, and deleted files will be removed as   part of this transformation. As far as the developer and user are   concerned, this process is entirely transparent and the resulting   updated app will be indistinguishable from a full download of the   corresponding updated version of their app.   Further instructions for developers available at the link above.  <comment37910> OS X updates were not always deltas. The difference between combos and deltas are that the former allows for an update from any prior major release (e.g., 10.7.0 to 10.7.5), while the latter only allows for a single, minor revision (e.g., 10.7.0 to 10.7.1). OS X would deliver either a delta or a combo depending on your system's configuration. To say OS X updates were *always* delta is a bit misleading. <comment37914> You're right. I've removed that part.