Ordering of events when printing/pdf-ing from iCal <body> Spent a few hours searching on Google and in other forums - I know this issue has come up before, but I couldn't find a single answer or solution anywhere.  It seems that when I go to print the calendar (or turn it into a PDF) it decides to completely randomly re-order my events. There seems to be no rhyme or reason to it. In iCal they are in a perfectly logical, organized order.  When I go to print, they appear randomly mixed around.  I have attached some photos: The first is from iCal, second is what the pdf looks like. Note that not only does it re-order the events from the way they appear in iCal, but the way it is re-ordering the events appears to be changing at random from day to day: compare the blue events on the 17th and 24th in image 2 - these events are repeating weekly events and were not entered into the calendar manually. There is absolutely nothing different about the events on the 17supth/sup and the 24supth/sup, yet they appear in a different order on each of those days. The orange events are not repeating events and were each entered manually on their given days, but they too are being re-ordered randomly from day to day. I've noticed that this isn't just an issue for all-day events - the exact same problem occurs when multiple events occur at the same time (8am, for example).  Has this just been accepted as an unfixable issue? Super frustrated, spent hours putting a year-long call schedule together for my residency program only to find it's a confusing mess when I try to print it or turn it into a PDF. If there is no solution, does anyone have suggestions for an easy to use app that I emcan/em use to generate a PDF calendar that looks similar?  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/rw00o.jpg" alt="Calendar.app"  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/XSCgA.jpg" alt="PDF"  I am using a MacBook Pro with 10.7.5 installed.  <answer99287> I have resorted to taking a screen shot of the full page view of my calendar using command-shift-3.  This saves the screen image to your desktop.  The image isn't as nice and bright, but it is in the proper order.  <comment99779> How do you turn them into PDF? <comment99783> File  Print  select the months and calendars you want to print  Continue  bottom left corner there is a tab where you can make a PDF.  This is for iCal in 10.7.5.