How to get iTunes to stop trying to download purchases <body> I purchased a TV series season last year to watch on my Apple TV. My Macbook still tries to download all the episodes every time I launch iTunes.  I read online that you can delete everything in the emitunesmediadownloads/em folder which I have, restarted, and still when I open iTunes a black download button pops up and when I click it, it tells me that I have all these pending downloads. When I click to see what they are, it automatically tries to download all the episodes.  I have purchased movies, but it never tries to make me download any of them. I watch movies and tv shows purchases generally on my Apple TV. And I like that I can view my iCloud purchases in iTunes, and decide to download something if I want to. But I do not like that it keeps trying to make me download all these episodes that I have no reason to want to store on my HD.  Is there a way to perminately tell iTunes to stop trying to download something?  <answer124196> Go to iTunes  Preferences  Store and then untick the 'Always check for available downloads'.  Tick the 'Shows iTunes in the Cloud purchases' too, if you purchased on your Apple TV.  <answer226751> I was having this same problem and I followed the advice from coliff (which I will paste below)  "Go to iTunes  Preferences  Store and then untick the 'Always check for available downloads'.  Tick the 'Shows iTunes in the Cloud purchases' too, if you purchased on your Apple TV."  Except when I got to that point the 'Always check for available downloads' was not checked. I am aware that this may have changed (probably many times) since March of 2014. I found my problem to be that the "Store" category has 3 separate sections (the middle of which is "Automatic Downloads"). I had only one box checked and un-checking that lone box seems to have fixed the problem.  So for anyone having trouble with this in the future I think having any of the boxes under the "Automatic Downloads" section will cause iTunes to start re-downloading whatever purchases fall under the checked box upon restarting the application.   Hope this helps! 