Incorrectly playing output sound into microphone when using earbuds <body> My mac is constantly recording any output sound into my microphone when I'm using my Apple earbuds. This means for example that as soon as a sound is played it's transmitted on Skype when I'm in a call. It's as if I would have had Soundflower or similar software enabled, although I've made sure I do not. I've also made sure that the issue only appears with the earbuds.  I've verified that it has something to do with the combo sound port (I'm using a 2013 MacBook Air) since if I plug the headphones in half-way I don't have the same issue but then only one the left side speaker works because of how the connector is set up.  Basically this guy sums it up perfectly but sadly several years have past with no replies: https://discussions.apple.com/thread/4448648.  <comment208739> that is technically not possible! <comment208768> Perhaps you have some dirt in your audio socket? Or else maybe you have a faulty pair of earbuds. <comment208771> @Buscar웃 Why would it not be possible? I can assure you that it's happening. <comment208772> @amergin I tried cleaning it out but no results. Also tried other earbuds which all had the same problem. <comment208792> the way the microphone is build it can not play sound as input, it can only record it. Microphone has no electromechanical parts to be able to generate sound. <comment208830> @Buscar웃 I think you're misunderstanding. Whatever sound is played through the headphones also gets recorded by the mic. Not because of the sound leaking though because it happens even when I cover the mic. <comment209076> It's one of two things then. Either there's a short inside the port (a short is something bridging two points which should be isolated from each other), or it's something happening in software. If it's a short then I'd try getting a look inside with a magnifying glass and a light or else turn everything off and try a toothpick and a compressed air canister on it. To test the software side of things you could create a new user and see if the problem persists. Beyond this I'd suggest an Apple Store. (And Buscar, headphones can work as a rudimentary mic, the principles are the same) <comment209079> Good point about the user, I'll try that.  It's not the headphones acting as a mic, the sound is perfect as if  some sort of "what u hear" function is enabled.  When I tried it in windows which doesn't support using the combined port for both mic and headphones I had no issues since the built-in mic was being used.