Deleted (but not cleared) voicemails not visible on iPhone 5 <body> strongBackground/strong: brI have an iPhone 5, iOS 8.3, carrier Verizon, and I currently can't get voicemails because my saved voicemails are filling all the available space.  I've found several articles about how to delete voicemails, such as the following: http://www.igeeksblog.com/how-to-delete-all-voicemail-messages-on-iphone-in-ios-8/ http://www.askdavetaylor.com/ios-8-actually-delete-voicemails-iphone/  I've deleted the old voicemails, but I still cannot get new voicemails, so the deleted old ones are clearly still stored in a delete queue (as I've read they are supposed to be). The problem, though, is that I am apparently supposed to see a link to these deleted messages at the bottom of the Voicemail list. It's not there -- there's just the short list of voicemails I saved, and then blank space.  Now I'm stumped, since all the resources I've found just assume the deleted messages will be accessible in this way.  strongQuestion/strong: brAre there any relevant settings I could change to make the deleted messages queue visible (or would a Reset All Settings possibly do the trick)?  Is there any other way to get to the messages and delete them (perhaps I should just contact Verizon)?  <answer191056> I solved my problem by resetting the network settings from Settings - General - Reset - Reset Network Settings (this course of action is actually recommended in the igeeksblog post I linked, but for the circumstance where Clear All is disabled rather than for the particular circumstance my phone was in). After this, I was able to call my phone and successfully leave a voicemail. I also tested out deleting a new voicemail, and it went into a Deleted Messages queue that is now visible at the bottom of my Voicemail Tab, as usual.  <comment226899> Try restarting your phone now that you have made space, if that doesn't work try setting the date back a year. <comment226901> @Tyson: Just an ordinary restart? I already tried that; I just tried changing the date, and it didn't work. I don't think I have made space, in fact, since I never was able to clear the delete queue, and when I test calling my phone it says I can't leave a message because the voicemail box is full. I think the messages are just sitting in a delete queue, but I can't figure out how to get to them