Always get a Security Error for Internal HTTPS Website <body> My company recently changed an internal site to use HTTPS instead of HTTP (it is our Jira site in case that matters). From what I can tell, this site is using an internal certificate. On our work computers this certificate appears to be pre installed so the website comes up without trouble in IE, Firefox, and Chrome. However, my personal computer is a Mac (OS X 10.8.4) and I am having major troubles accessing the site through any browser. I have followed instructions to install the certificate in my Keychain and I believe I have successfully done that, but I am still not able to access the site.  strongWhen Accessing the site I Get:/strong  strongChrome/strong: strongInvalid Server Certificate/strong You attempted to reach jira.surescripts.local, but the server presented an invalid certificate.  strongSafari/strong: strongSafari can't open the page/strong Safari can't open the page "https://jira.local:8081/" because Safari can't establish a secure connection to the server "jira.local"  In Chrome when I view the certificate information it I see: Intermediate certificate authority. Expires: Thursday, May 21, 2015 1:19:28 PM Central Daylight Time. This certificate is valid  To make sure that it wasn't something strange with our company's VPN, I installed a Windows 7 virtual machine on my Mac and installed the certificate in Windows and am able to successfully log on to the site how I always would.  I am not much of an expert with certificates and I really don't know where to go from here. Any help would be greatly appreciated! Thanks.  <comment113593> Is .local an Active Directory domain? If so, did you join your Windows VM to that domain? If the certificate is signed by a CA in the domain or self-signed by a domain controller, Windows domain members inherently trust the CA, where as an OS X client will not and will show the certificate error. <comment113599> Yes .local is an AD domain but I did not have my VM join that domain, I had to install the certificate in my Windows VM to get it to be able to access the site successfully