Youtube doesnt play on a specific connection on Macbook Air <body> I am using a Macbook Air 13" (2013 model). i5 Intel Processor - 4 GB RAM - 128GB SSD.  A few days ago, when I opened youtube (on Safari) to watch some videos it gave me the error "An error occurred. Please try again later."  I tried later, tried all the steps that Youtube suggests and it didnt work.  Now I cannot play any youtube video on my macbook. All the other video sites like Dailyotion and Viemo are working fine though. Using Firefox also didnt work. I have not tried downloading and using Chrome yet.  One day, I took my Macbook to a friend's place. I connected it to her wifi and Youtube was working like before. I came back home and was unable to play youtube videos again. The same error was staring me in the face.   Since then, I have found a proxy 'Proxy Free' to watch youtube. The videos work using the proxy, but the player is not the default youtube player. Also, chosing HTML5 player on youtube didnt work either.  I have then noticed that it works fine on other networks, but mine. I have a basic modem (it has wifi but I have disabled it) provided by my ISP 'MTNL'. The modem then goes into a Netgear router. PPPoE is on the modem and the router is set to get the IP dynamically.   My wife and brother have Dell Windows 7 laptops and they are able to watch videos on youtube.  MTU is set 1492 on both the modem and the router. I have tried checking my MTU (also pinged it for a fragment test) and the results were fine.  Please help.  EDIT: Today, I clicked on a youtube link on twitter, and the video started playing. Then I clicked on the videos on the right side and they all (3) played too. But then I went to Youtube's homepage, and tried to play a video from there -- same error.  I went to twitter and clicked on the same link again -- it played.  <answer137310> Forced the DNS on my macbook.  Primary: 208.67.222.222 Secondary: 208.67.220.220  It started working.  <comment162937> Just to clarify, your wife uses same wifi as you on her Dell? <comment162938> Trash your WiFi network profile on your Mac and create a new one to test. <comment162945> It is not your router, it is not your computer, it is your wifi settings. but only for your home wifi. <comment162956> Buscar: Yes, my wife and brother are using the same wifi network. Will create a new wifi connection on my mac and report back. <comment162957> I deleted my wifi connection from my macbook and connected to it again, and got the same error. <comment162978> You deleted the profile in question ? <comment163124> Yes. The said SSID. I deleted it. Turned off WiFi, turned it back on. It searched and caught the said network again and I connected to it.