My MacBook Pro seems to cause wifi to slow down <body> When I try to use my MacBook pro from work at home, the wifi slows to a crawl or is lost completely for everyone (including me) when I join wifi. If I turn off wifi on my MacBook, it all comes back for others on the network. I can sometimes rejoin and everything seems to work but often that doesn't work. This is killing me as I need to work at home but I also have 4 family members that need to use the internet too. If the connection works at all, it goes from 10Mps to &lt;60Kbps (according to fast.com).  I have a home network using a Arris Surfboard cable modem and new tower-style Airport/Time capsule. Besides the time capsule, an airport express as extender and an older flat time capsule also as a extender. This all works fine until Daddy (me) comes home from work.  My mac is MacBook Pro (Retina, 15-inch, Mid 2014), 2.8 GHz Intel Core i7, running 10.11.6 (15G1004). But this problem has been with me at least since 10.9  Here are my thoughts and things I tried:  ol liI thought it might be the old airport base station. So I bought a new one a month or so ago.  That didn't make a difference. Also, When I first hooked it up, I unplugged the AP express so the new time capsule was the only one on the network. Same problem. (So I repurposed the old base station as an extender along with the express.)/li liI am wondering if this might be the cable modem. However, I think that is pretty much unaware of the wifi nodes it is serving. I own this cable modem, it's not provided by the cable provider so I'd have to buy a new one just to prove this theory. I don't think it's worth it. /li liI considered maybe the number of devices on the network might have just been exceeded when I get home. However, I wouldn't expect this to drop suddenly with one more node. I tried turning off as many devices as I could and it still seems to be only my device that makes a big difference./li liOne possibility I don't know how to troubleshoot: My work laptop has 802.1X authentication. I would think this would recognize it's not an the work network and not attempt authentication but maybe that's the killer? If it is, I'm not sure what to do about it. I don't think I can or should remove the certificate as that would give me bigger problems at work. I have a vague notion that I can create a second wifi service in my network preferences but I don't know how this is done properly and what priority/order would work for both work and home. If you can point to good documentation, I'd appreciate it./li /ol  <comment320245> Verify that you're not using the same IP address as anything else on the network.  It's possible that either you or some other device has a static IP and it's causing a conflict with your modem/router. <comment320913> I suspected perhaps I was using an already allocated IP, but wouldn't the AirPort dynamically assign an unused one when I join? My MacBook certainly doesn't use static IP. I think my PS4 might have a static IP (I seem to recall it was required back when my son wanted to connect his PSVita.) <comment320929> You would think it would but I've seen similar issues when 2 devices have the same static or assigned IP.  It's worth checking if you don't have other options.