Is there a way to "Find My Friends" from the desktop, rather than iPhone? <body> I would like to access "Find My Friends" from the desktop.  Also, is there an API available? I'd like to write code to monitor a person's location over time.  <answer97293> No, the FAQ specifically says that it is only available from the iOS app (see the last question). There is neither a public web API nor SDK on iOS. Such an API would be a major privacy issue.  <answer97295> "Find my Friends" isn't available for OS X before Yosemite.  The Messages app on Yosemite now allows you to view shared locations of family and friends similar to the iOS Find My Friends app.  If everyone uses iOS 8 and Find My Friends, you can also share your locations with each other. Your positions are tacked onto a map.  <answer111613> I can use the "Find My iPhone" app in iCloud to view the location of my laptop and desktop.  Isn't "Find My Friends" basically the same thing except you are getting permission to see their devices.  I guess if "a friend" gave you their Apple ID and password, you could use "Find My iPhone" app as a work around.  <answer152635> On MacOS 10.10, "Find My Friends" can be accessed by clicking "Details" when viewing a friend in the Messages application.  You can also share screens via "Details" as well, from the desktop Messages app.  <comment114129> iPads are not necessarily phones and iPods are definitely not phones.  In the absence of cellular service they, like a Mac, can triangulate their position from Wi-Fi signals. <comment114139> How would an API be more of a privacy issue than the app already is? <comment114205> @vy32, as it is Find My Friends will let other people see your location and so you are giving away your privacy to your friends. Presumably you trust them enough to not do anything harmful with that information, and you don't expect them to be watching your every move and making a map of where you have been. However, if there were an API or SDK, then you open yourself to app developers tracking your movements when your friends' install their apps. <comment134366> I'm sure that you can totally do what you describe above with a rooted iOS device and an app that watches the other apps. <comment179684> Well said. You can log into Find My iPhone on a Mac, and see the location of all your 3G- or WiFi-connected devices, including the Mac. So it's quite feasible to make the Mac part of the Find My Friends universe, if Apple chose to. <comment229451> Why not ask them for their bank login details too, while you're at it.