Regain access to OR get rid of Windows, Linux partitions <body> (Note: this question is regarding an early 2015 MacBook Air (256 GB 2.2 GHz) running OS X Yosemite 10.10.3)  I have happily been running my laptop dual booted with windows - installed as 8.1 Pro, upgraded to 10 in the fall - since getting it last spring. However, last week I installed Linux Mint as a third operating system with the help of a linux guy who runs it on his Mac next to OS X. In order to create the disk space for it, I took about 20 GB off my windows partition as well as some from my OS X. Linux was then installed on the part from Windows, and I was told I could later combine the part from OS X from Linux (they weren't next to each other). Oh, and before installing I also downloaded and got rEFInd working.  Everything seemed to be fine, until later that night I tried booting into Windows and got a "Recovery Your PC/Device needs to be repaired An unexpected error has occurred. Error Code: 0xc000000e You'll need to use recovery tools..." etc screen. So I booted to my Windows 8 installation disk and ran the Start Up Recovery, but it said it couldn't fix the errors.  So I then proceeded to comb the internet and found that lots (relatively) of other people have had issues with dual-booted windows after creating new partitions. I found a thread about a method for triple-booting and used the last part where it gave instructions for creating a new hybrid mbr table - because apparently the triple-booting messes it up - but first followed the "back up" step in case I "wanted to restore my gpt table."  After doing this the same error window came up. But I found another thread and followed the suggestion to then try the disk/start up recovery method again. I booted to my installation disk again, and lo and behold, it worked along for a while and then rebooted my computer (I took this as a good sign because it said it was applying repairs) but it went straight to my OS X. I rebooted and no rEFInd menu came up; I tried again holding down option and only OS X was there! So basically I have no way to access either of my other two operating systems/the respective partitions. Just for fun I went back and tried restoring the backup I'd done before making my new hybrid mbar, but that didn't seem to do anything (in fact, I'm not even sure if it worked).  To make matters worse, my disk utility partition page is now pretty messed up, saying it has a giant unlabeled 250 GB of "free space" in addition to 471 MB untitled, 106 GB Macintosh HD (was there before), 18 GB Free Space (also there before, what I was eventually going to combine to linux), 103 GB BOOTCAMP (there before), and 21.65 "diskos4" (also there before, where linux is). There has to be something incredibly wrong going on, because my computer only has a 256 GB storage...  So if anyone has a solution for being able to access Windows and/or linux again that would be great; otherwise I am very prepared to just get rid of all my extra OSs (I backed everything up recently, thank goodness) and partitions and factory reset so I have a nice, functional Mac laptop on which I could reinstall emonly/em windows through bootcamp. I've tried to uninstall windows via bootcamp manager but it gives me the "The startup disk cannot be partitioned or restored to a single partition" error. The other catch is it would be best if this process did not involve having to reinstall OS X, because it didn't come with a disk and I got it through a scholarship so don't have the apple id etc info associated with the purchase (for verification/activation purposes).  Any help would be greatly appreciated!  <comment271611> Did you try reinstalling rEFInd? <comment271612> Yes, using the "./refind-install" command, but it said there was no such file or directory. I looked through the installing it manually page but am not very familiar with terminal and got confused in the WDE vs HFS part