(iOS 10.1.1) Sometimes my iPhone 6 stops playing audio system-wide <body> Ever since updating to iOS 10, I've had this issue pop up on my iPhone 6 (64 GB) intermittently. Sometimes, when I go to use my iPhone after a few hours of not using it, I'll discover that no sounds will play. I'm talking about all sounds, system-wide: no music (locally-stored files in the Music app), no app audio (Youtube app, Safari, games) and no system sounds (notifications, alarms, etc). Vibrations work and go off as normal, however.  I don't know what triggers this loss of audio. It happened again today. My phone was plugged in and charging for most of the day, and I had received a couple of WhatsApp messages and Gmail notifications which sounded just fine, no issues there. Then, when I went to use my phone at midnight to listen to some music--the first thing I did was plug my headphones in--I found that all sound stopped working. My phone was plugged into the charger and my headphones were plugged into the headphone jack at the time. Unplugging both didn't restore audio. What did was a reboot. A reboot is the only thing that makes the audio come back.  This issue has occurred on my iPhone intermittently but I didn't give it much thought till now. I thought it'd go away if I removed iOS 10 from my phone and started from scratch--without restoring my old backup, but the issue is occurring on my fresh install of iOS 10 as well, so I don't know if this is a hardware or software issue. Could be the headphones, which make static noises when I twist them around in the jack--I honestly can't remember if the issue occurred when I didn't have them plugged in, but that's something to remember for next time. The headphones, earphones really, that I use have a mic, so that could be causing audio issues.  Around 8 months ago, I had serious issues with a set of JLab earphones and my iPhone. The mic on the JLabs caused Voice Control to start on the iPhone at random times--a sign that the mic was damaged. I tested the JLabs on some Android phones and found that hitting the part where the earphones' wire meets the base of the earphones' jack (can't really explain it, sorry) ever so slightly caused static to sound. Had to stop using the JLabs after that.  Could the JLabs have done irreversible damage to my iPhone's headphone jack? Is there any way to test it? Do you think the issue my iPhone is suffering from is hardware or software-related? I've never had this issue on iOS 9, or even iOS 8 (back when I was using the JLabs). If it was a hardware issue, surely it would've occurred on past iterations of iOS?  My current headphones are a cheap, no-name LG pair that came free with an old Android phone. 