MacBook (13-inch, Early 2009, 10.11 El Cap) restarts endlessly; verbose & safe modes don't help <body> When we turn on this computer, it gets part way through starting up and then restarts itself.  This repeats until we intervene by turning it off using the power button.  Normally we see the usual grey screen with Apple logo and then the spinning progress indicator until the spontaneous restart.    We have tried verbose mode and safe mode, to no avail.    We tried starting in verbose mode and captured some, but not all, of the text shown in white on the black background.  Early on the computer shows some text, seemingly within a rectangle in the middle of the screen; perhaps the computer is simulating an 80 by 24 character terminal.  Quickly after that, the computer clears the screen to black again, and writes almost a screen of text, using the whole width of the display.  That text remains still for around a minute.    Then the computer writes a few more lines of text, and quickly clears the screen to black.  Soon after, that the computer restarts and starts the process again.    Here is some of the text I captured on one occasion.  I typed this in after capturing the process using a video camera pointed at the screen.  The last few lines after the long pause were like this:    precodeBSD root: disk0s5, major 14, minor 5 AppleIntelCPUPowerManagement: initialization complete [HCIController][configurePM] power parent ready after 1 tries /code/pre  After this is written there is a pause, of at least 45 seconds, and then the computer writes the following:  precodesyncing disks... Killing all processes  continuing done MACH Reboot IOBluetoothHCIController::terminateWL .. done E:[AppleUSBBluetoothHCIController][InterruptReadHandler] Received kIOReturnAborted with 1 pending interrupts /code/pre  Then there is a pause of a few seconds, the computer clears the screen to black, and by about 15 seconds later the normal startup display and sounds begun.    The computer is a strongMacBook (13-inch, Early 2009) with OS X 10.11 El Capitan./strong    My next step was to reset the System Management Controller as per https://support.apple.com/en-au/HT201295.  That didn't help.    (It was at this point that I found I had left an optical disc in the built-in drive.  I ejected that by holding down the mouse button during startup.  The computer continued to behave as before.)  I tried starting up in strongsafe mode/strong (https://support.apple.com/en-au/HT201262).   That didn't help.    I then decided to run Apple Hardware Test.  That found no problems, and then I verified that the bundled Mac OS X Install DVD would start up properly.  Disk Utility said the startup volume "appears to be OK".  As at the time of posting the first version of this question, I am deciding what to do next;  perhaps one of:  ul lirestore the startup volume from the last Time Machine backup/li lireinstall El Capitan over the existing installation/li liconstruct a new startup volume on another partition (I have room)/li liresearch the meaning of the messages seen in verbose mode and look at log files and so on/li litry something from single-user mode/li liyour own suggestion?/li /ul  <comment349242> Update:  After some hours of playing about with this problem, I set it aside and got ready to set up another startup partition and migrate to it.  On March 24 or 25, I tried to reproduce the original problem and failed.  I have since been unable to reproduce the problem.  I have gone back to using the problem partition for work on that computer.  I plan to restart the computer more often than I used to, and hope to get a recurrence before too long.