Apple Mail freezes or crashes during IMAP sync with gmail <body> I have this problem that bothers me a few weeks now. In my Apple Mail on MacBook Pro I have 4 Mailboxes. One of them is Gmail synced via IMAP.  When I open the app everything works fine for about an hour. Then an exclamation mark next to my Gmail inbox appears saying "Too many simultaneous connections". This is non-sense because this is the only app accessing the e-mail (I know its creating more connections in background but...).  The problem is that after this hour the whole Mail app is kind of freezed. Sending e-mails stops at 80% and wont finish (even all other mailboxes) and app silently doesnt synchronize all mailboxes. From time to time the whole app crashes completely.  Do you have any ideas what could be wrong? Where to look for more details about this? Anyone with similar problem? Thank you!  <answer167661> It's hard to say what the problem might be. But the first thing I would try is to delete the account from Mail and then create it again. Since it's all IMAP anyway, you won't lose anything except the local copies. When it is recreated, it will have to download everything again but it should at least be a clean copy. If you are still having crashes after that... well, then it could be many many things. But one thing at a time and that's the first thing I would try.  <answer171563> check this link - gmail changed their authentication method without notice, so you have to make this change.  You will get a confirmation email from gmail that seems scary - but it isn't.  You haven't just opened your email to the world as they try to scare you to believe.  Unfortunately, as usual, they don't work in concert with major software developers and we are left to pick-up the pieces as best we can.  https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/gmail/lCjm9oim5Vo  <answer171735> Thank you all for answers. I have done some research on the subject and it seems this is a common problem in Mac community unsolved for years. Apple reacted on this about a year ago with the message like "Our team is working on it". The Mail app is trying to parallelize syncing (I believe) and it causes more connections than allowed by Google.  The final solution that worked for me is to wipe out your Mail app completely via deleting all the application data and then set it up again from ground up. If you have IMAP accounts you wont lose any e-mail. Be sure to back up your e-mail signatures, filters and double check you have all the settings you need to set up all your e-mail accounts again. E-mail app now works like charm without any problems.  <answer225477> Turn off contact syncing for the Google account and add your Google contacts sync back via CardDAV:  ul liGo to System Preferences  Internet Accounts/li liUncheck "Contacts" for the Google account/li liClick the "+" to add a new account/li liSelect "CardDAV"/li liSet Account Type to "Manual"/li liUser Name is Gmail address  ul liPassword is the Gmail address password, or a new app-specific password if 2-factor authorization is "ON" for Google Server/li /ul/li liAddress is "google.com"/li liNow enjoy your responsive Contacts app./li /ul  I had to turn on “Allowing less secure apps to access your account” in Google options. (Otherwise impossible to create an CardDAV account.)  <comment196670> Ok Thank you.. I will try that. <comment201842> Welcome to Ask Different! While this link may answer the question, it is better to include the essential parts of the answer here and provide the link for reference. Link-only answers can become invalid if the linked page changes.