Software to horizonally flip (not rotate) OSX's monitor output? <body> For display reasons we've got a setup where a user watches videos on a MacBook via a mirror.  Of course, this works okay for videos normally, but the user would like to be able to do more than watch videos, including play some games and read comics and the like.  Since the user views the display though a mirror (there are disability issues around this - I'm aware it's a relatively odd question) obviously the text is backwards. Is it possible to horizonally flip OS X's output? Either to the main screen or a external monitor? At the moment it looks like two mirrors is going to be the only solution and that's going to be tricky to arrange.  To be clear - I'm trying to flip horizontally, emnot/em rotate by 180 degrees. So the Apple menu is in the top right and the spotlight Notification Center are top left.   emPlease indicate/edit and OS version requirements in your answer./em  <answer168074> Free app - http://www.freetelepromptersoftware.com/mac/  Flip Mac Window Utility Turn any Mac program into a mirror image.  We have written a simple but powerful utility that will mirror any window on your Mac with a hotkey. This allows you to use your favorite software as a teleprompter, such as MS Word, PowerPoint, or any text editor or web browser.  Instructions: First, run the utility, then switch to any program you want to create a mirror image of. Press the control-option-command-M hotkey and it will flip. Press the hotkey again to switch back to normal.  <answer243481> I realize how old this is, but the answer is VLC player. I have an El Capitan Macbook 13". Open VLC, then Window - Video Effects - Geometry - Transform. From there you can rotate 90/180/270, flip horizontally or vertically, magnify, clone etc. Perfect if you have a p/w locked no remote garage sale projector like mine.   <comment111782> I have the same issue, I need to flip primary display on my MacBook pro not just rotate, but flip horizontally, has anyone find a solution? I know it is supported by graphics card by default as you can do it on windows or linux machine using either Nvidia or Ati control panel, however those addons are not available on Osx... <comment300235> I'll give it a go. thank you :) <comment309044> I couldn't get the hotkey to work in OS X 10.9 <comment309045> Anyone know how to get subtitle (e.g. .srt files) to flip in VLC as well?  This tip worked for the video image, but my overlaid subs were still unflipped.