External hard drive knocks out wifi Internet <body> I have two external hard drives attached to my 2012 Mac Mini running El Capitan. All has been OK for around 2 months. Now, when one drive powers up, it forces my Sky WiFi Internet connection to drop, which you can't get back until the drive is powered down again, after which the `internet connects straight away. Any ideas (anyone)?  <answer233414> If one of your external drives is connected using USB 3, then this is most likely the culprit. If the shielding has degraded on the USB 3 cable then it can interfere with your wi-fi. If you external has any other type of connectors, i.e., USB 2 or FW800, switching to that will solve your problem.  This excerpt from this PCMag article explains why this can happen...     USB 3.0 has a 5Gbps signaling rate. The USB 3.0 specification requires   USB 3.0 data to be scrambled and it requires spread-spectrum. The   noise from USB 3.0 data spectrum can be high (in the 2.4-2.5GHz   range). This noise can radiate from the USB 3.0 connector on a device   (such as a PC or Router), the USB 3.0 connector on the peripheral   device or the USB 3.0 [port]. If the antenna of a wireless device   operating in this band is placed close to any of the USB 3.0 radiation   channels, it can pick up the broadband noise. The broadband noise   emitted from a USB 3.0 device can affect the SNR (signal-to-noise   ratio) and limit the sensitivity of any wireless receiver whose   antenna is physically located close to the USB 3.0 device. This may   result in a drop in throughput on the wireless link.   <answer283136> I moved my drive as far from my mac as the cord would reach and the problem was solved, my wifi still works. I had stored the drive under the vertically held MacBook.  <comment285264> Please add the interface (e.g USB 2.0/3.0 / Firewire/  with or without external power) and the WiFi channels (2.4 or 5 GHz). Do you use the internal airport? <comment285278> Added link as requested... <comment285280> @Allan- Thanks for cleaning that up. <comment285428> USB 3 into a USB 2 port. Externally powered. Internal Airport used. How do I find out whether its 2.4 or 5 ghz? Drive is actually a caddy containing two WD 1tb 3.5 drives. Disconnecting/unmounting either of the drives has no effect on connecting to wifi or no connection. When the power is cut to the caddy (both drives), then wifi isn't a problem, so it appears to be mains or the USB cable (which is A to B connectors. I will replace the USB cable and see if that;s the issue. At the moment I cannot physically move the sky router as there's only one telephone port <comment285429> USB 3 into a USB 2 port. Externally powered. Internal Airport used. Drive is actually a caddy containing two WD 1tb 3.5 drives. Disconnecting/unmounting either of the drives has no effect on connecting to wifi or no connection. When the power is cut to the caddy (both drives), then wifi isn't a problem, so it appears to be mains or the USB cable (which is A to B connectors. I will replace the USB cable and see if that's the issue. At the moment I cannot physically move the sky router as there's only one telephone port