We don't remember Apple email or id and now can not use ipad <body> It is ipad 3 with a1416 model  It is currently factory reset but it keeps saying this ipad is bound to an apple id   It freakingly shows only first letter of the email which doesn't help at all  We don't remember the email. It wasn't used for a long time later its screen was broken so we sent it to the service and they changed screen along with factory reset  Now we can't access the device and we do not remember its apple id or email or password  I tried recovery mode but all goes to this ipad bound to apple id so enter its password  What can i do? Now this owned device became a trash?  I always hated apple and now i hate 10x more. I am not able to use a device that i own.  <answer220739> The reason that your AppleID is required is for security reasons.   If you were to lose your iPad or have it stolen, and anyone could just factory reset it and make it theirs, then you'd be upset that Apple allows anyone to register on a stolen iPad.     So, when an iPad is reset the normal way (you are logged in, you select to reset from the menu), your ID is automatically removed so that it can be associated with any ID afterwards.  In your case...  since this was not done, the iPad is still bound to your Apple ID.   As you mentioned, you don't recall what this is...  but do you really have so many email addresses that you aren't able to guess at the right one given the first character?  I suggest visiting https://iforgot.apple.com/appleid#!&amp;section=appleid to try and figure out what your ID was... as there is no way to remove an ID from the iPad in the current state (again, for security reasons).  <comment267206> Go to appleid.apple.com and reset your Apple ID password. <comment267260> so you say basically this device is piece of trash now which never happens any other device like not any computer or not any android phone etc. i live in Turkey and i never opted such option why it is forced? stupid apple doesn't aware ipad is used by many people who does not even aware what is email and what is its importance. this is a 3 years old device and my father was using it. he probably was never even aware that an email was bound to it. <comment267309> Well, no, I'm not saying it's trash at all.  I'm saying that, unfortunately, you'll need to put in a little effort here to figure out the email account you were using so that you can log back in to your iPad.   You can't honestly believe that your dad has so many email accounts that he can't figure it out. <comment284943> well charlie it is thrown as trash because we couldn't find out