MacBook Pro detects external monitor but shows black screen <body> MacBook Pro 8,1 (13", i5 2.3Ghz) - when I connect an external screen through a MiniDP - DVI adapter the Mac detects it (knows it's a Samsung SyncMaster and lets me change its resolution) but doesn't show anything on screen. Even though the Mac thinks that the screen works properly (I can move the cursor out of the Mac's screen), the external monitor's led blinks as there was no signal at all. Changing screen resolution doesn't help.  I've browsed many similar questions on the internet, unfortunately most of them suggest upgrading the OS. I'm using Mac OSX 10.6.8 Snow Leopard. What should I do?  <answer25006> This most likely means the Mac is outputting a video mode that the screen can't display.  Try reducing the resolution and Refresh Rate (in strongSystem Preferences - Display/strong) until you get something on the screen, then work your way up the list again. A good starting point would be 1024x768 or even 640x480.  The other possibility would be that the signal isn't arriving intact, either due to a cable/plug fault or that the screen or Mac have a hardware fault (which you can rule out by connecting the Mac to another DVI screen with the same adapter and by connecting the monitor to another computer).  <answer30154> I had the same problem, and I think I found what causes the problem. My macbook air was detecting the display, but only thing I saw was black screen.  Either your monitor is using VGA signal even if you are using DVI cable or you are using DVI to VGA adapter in between. MiniDP to DVI only produces digital signal.  For more information check a blog post of mine.  <answer39826> I've had the problem as well and only by resetting my monitor am I able to get it to work.  Other posts suggesting it is something to do with the PRAM, but I've not seen the problem being on the Mac end of things. As this problem is persistent, so it seems I will have to reset the monitor each time so it recovers from the failure, but doesn't seem to address the root cause so I have yet to find a more permanent fix.   <answer146751> Same problem here. Using dell 1920x1200 monitor connected to RMBP 2013 in clamshell mode with nvidia card.   If I open RMBP and check the display preferences, it shows TWO display settings, one for the built-in and one for the 1920 monitor. I can change the res. But external stays black all the way. Log out and log in again does not help.  Rebooting the RMBP helps right away. No need to mess with the monitor or cables. This is purely a software problem in the RMBP.  <answer216952> I had a black screen for quite some minutes now and I found out that the monitor, even though it is brand new, does not automatically switch to the active input channel. So choosing the input channel manually on the monitor fixed the problem for me.  <answer222409> Try another HDMI cable. That's what worked for me. I first had a 'normal' one which didn't work. When I switched to one that has 'High speed Wifi E thernet" on it, it works.  <answer236267> I had the same problem. I reset my monitor to the factory setting and this solved the problem.  <answer236284> I solved my problem so far by simply installing this app (Display Menu) from the Mac AppStore. The screen flashed and I got image.  <answer282032> h2Problem/h2  The display worked before. Then without reason it gone black and didn't wanted to show anything. DisplayManager from Mac showed the displays without problem and I could change all settings - for no difference.  h2Solution:/h2  Remove everything (in my case ethernet and 2 USB devices) from the adapter und replugged the HDMI.br After that it worked again. And could connect the other cables again aswell.  h2My setup/h2  MacBookPro 15" and 3x HP_Z32n via a QacQoc adapter from HDMI to USB-C. I have 3 external displays connected and use the internal one aswell. img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/HmChK.jpg" alt="enter image description here"  <comment28151> Have you had this display working with another system? Have you had the Mac and display adapter working with another display? When you reboot the mac, during the boot process does the external display show anything? <comment28155> Even at 640x480 the external monitor receives no signal. I've just tried rebooting my mac with no luck - no signal during the boot process.  The screen works just fine with my old Mac Mini. Tomorrow I'll try the adapter with another monitor. <comment28156> Works with my another computer, doesn't show anything during the boot. <comment28158> When testing, make sure you test the same input, in case it's a monitor with multiple inputs (just because the VGA input works doesn't mean the DVI input also does). <comment28177> Did you try the MiniDP-VGA?  Another thread is, I have later 2008 MBP 15", with two display chips (one is built in with shared memory).  If I connect it to an external monitor, but using the built-in display chip, the external monitor doesn't have any signal.  If I switch to the stand-alone display chip, it then works fine. <comment35087> I should give credit where credit is due. Your answer is right - I was using a MiniDP to DVI adapter, and then another one, DVI to VGA. That caused the problem. Connecting a DVI monitor to my MBP resolved the issue. <comment35095> an upvote is fine too :) I am glad it helped <comment35263> Would upvote the answer, unfortunately I'm not allowed to as I'm not a registered user. <comment45013> Thanks for this thread folks. Very close to what I am experiencing with my 17" MBP. Just started today. I plug in my external monitor (a company issue NEC) and the MPB monitor disappears. I cannot move the cursor to the MBP monitor. I unplug the external monitor and it switches back to internal. I tried detecting displays with both plugged in but it won't pick up the internal screen, only the external NEC (an accusync LCD223WXM). Thanks in advance. <comment111724> It never occurred to me that I need to reset my Samsung SyncMaster 2494LW monitor. I been trying to read various posts & solutions of the last hour. I was ready to give up when I read that you recovered from this failure (at least temporarily) by resetting. I tried & now I am able to enjoy my old external monitor with my MBP 13". Thanks! <comment289120> Consider expanding on your answer and providing links and/or references to support your solution. <comment343816> This helped me. Unplugged the monitor from power for 15s, plugged it back in, suddenly it works. <comment366823> today had same problem, old macbook pro 13" - 10.6.8 MiniDisplay - DVI to 23" Apple cinema was not working until the macbook was running 10.9.5 same monitor was running perfectly on old MacPro (1st generation) running same Mac OS X 10.6.8...