Should I make my primary user an Administrator or not? <body> For a long time, I have had two accounts on my Mac : an administrator account that I normally don't use, and a "normal user" that I use for day-to-day work. I did this because it should be more secure to work in an account with fewer privileges.  The drawback is that I get more security popups. And I believe Apple's standard practice is still to give you administrator rights when you do a standard install.  I will be installing a clean system soon, so my question is: should I continue using two accounts or just have one account for everything? Is having two accounts more secure emin practice/em? or am I just annoying myself for no real reason?  <answer54135> Let's differentiate a user being one strongindividual/strong from a user being a single strongUNIX user account/strong.  As for the purpose of limiting privileges to the computer account and not for the individual operating it, creating two separate user accounts in Mac OS X is overkill and if you ask me rather impractical. Even an administrator account lacks the privileges to modify anything system critical without authenticating as the root user, which requires manually re-entering your password.  The only significant extra privilege an administrator account has is the ability to switch to the root (privileged) account. If you are familiar with the codesudo/code command in the shell, this is very much the same thing.  You would create a regular user account as opposed to an administrator account if you want to limit privileges of the individual operating the computer, for example with kids or employees.  <comment61969> Thank you. So if I understand correctly, without sudo-ing (by entering password), an administrator user has pretty much the same limits as a normal user? In that case there is no reason for me to work on a normal account and I will install my new system using only an admin account. <comment61972> Basically, an administrator account is a regular account with sudo access. <comment62018> I concur with the recommendation to just use an administrator account, with one amendment: I always create a 2nd administrator account (just called 'admin' or some such) which I use in case my primary administrator account gets hosed. I have only needed this very, very rarely, but it's a nice safety net to have "just in case."