How to stream radio from the command line? <body> There is an iMac in our lab at university, running Mac OS X 10.7 Lion.  It is never used, so we have taken to using it to play music, as we can SSH to it, and it does not require any permissions to play music (using codeafplay/code).  Is there any way to stream radio, or any other music stream from the command line?  <answer59185> I was interested to know the answer to this one myself, so I googled it. Here you go :-)  <answer59194> While not (strictly speaking) playing emfrom/em the command line, you could use a set of AppleScripts (or AppleScript calls) wrapped in shell scripts to control a GUI player or website. In the likely case that the player or site doesn't directly support AppleScriptability, you can use AppleScript GUI scripting to control the mouse and keyboard.   If you're looking at a "normal" streaming radio station (i.e, one that has a downloadable file that specifies the stream), you can put that in iTunes and use its (relatively excellent) AppleScript dictionary to remotely control it.  With either option, if you want to get fancy, you can use remote scripting to send Apple Events from an arbitrary source machine to control your radio-iMac.  <answer59231> Streamripper.  Use the relay function.  <comment68219> Thanks for the link, not quite what I was looking for. I want to play the music through the speakers, not record it to file. I'll try and see if I can get mplayer running, but I'm not sure, the latest version I can find is from 2005... <comment68227> Are you able to do this if no one is physically logged in on the machine? <comment68233> Maybe. Probably not. I did some poking around and I was able to get Pandora to launch with no GUI user logged in (only after sudo'ing to the root user), but the window never showed up and the music never played. (It also launched the Adobe AIR updater, so that may have been a/the problem. I also didn't wait very long.) <comment70316> I wasn't actually aware that you could stream radio through iTunes, thanks. I ended up just logging into the machine, opening a radio stream in iTunes and locking the screen.