Different hostname/computername/netbios on one machine? Terminal/computername/smbshare? <body> What is the actual difference of hostname/computername/netbios in the macOS world?  My two major problems are;   ul liUsers complain over having a computername set on the macOS, but the terminal shows something else, while the WINS tab shows yet another name as NETBIOS-name./li /ul  The names that the machine has changed to are not random, those are named existing in DNS. It seems like macOS client uses reverse DNS to get the hostname for terminal.app? I deleted all PTR records on my DNS, rebooted macOS and then terminal showed correct computername. The WINS NETBIOS name is still set to another machines name. Not sure if I manually have to set the netbios name from now on or if it's set from another parameter?  ul liI also have problems where users says their macOS changed hostname to macbook-1234.local to macbook-7654.local because the name already exists on the network./li /ul  On another site I manage the machines randomly changes hostname on the network. The users on this site usually uses both wired and wireless network every day. I suspect this is part of the issue. What I really don't understand is why the FQDN is macbook.local and not macbook.mydomain.com? I suspect mDNS is a part of the issue here, but I'm not sure how it works. Is it possible to get a list of all hostnames in the mDNS domain?  Is it possible to have wireless and wired on same network without these issues? Is there a specific mDNS response I can block in my wifi setup for this to work e.g workstation._tcp or something similar.   It seems weird macOS is trying to set it's own hostname by asking mDNS for reverse lookup, and then change its computername, and then tell populate the DNS server with multiple entries macbook-xxx.mydomain.com.   hr  We're using Windows DHCP, which dynamically updates DNS, and supposedly discards A and PTR records when lease is deleted. I also tried disabling dynamic PTR or disabling DNS updates completely.   Windows DHCP seems to work far from flawlessly. Even though its always been set to discard A and PTR records from DNS, I had some records that are many years old.   <comment374230> What's the tld in your domain? "local" or indeed "com"?