iPod Touch 4G Video and Music capacity <body> This must be my undeveloped mind, but browsing through Apple's iPod Touch website, I could not find the capacity (in time) for video and audio recordings on the 8GB and 32GB models (not in Features neither in Tech Specs).  I am debating which one to keep after buying the two at a discounted price. Have not opened it yet, so I can return one of them.  So, can someone point me to the place of this top-secret information?  UPDATE: To clarify the question - I am interested in the HD video recorded with the built-in camera. The intention is to replace the old P&amp;S camera with this device. Thought that, if not Apple, maybe current users comment on that. A rough estimate is enough. Don't need a detailed to-the-last-byte calculation.  <answer15652> Time is based more on the size of the files versus a limit on the device. As in, You can only put (less than, due to OS and formatting, etc) 8 or 32GB (On a 8GB, usually you have a little over 6GB to play with, on 32 I think more like 29GB or so).   The 'time' capacity was just done using an average file size and the capacity. The same would be for 'songs' or 'videos' it can hold, like how iPod Classics were 20000 songs in your pocket.   Some quick notes found from a random site while searching:  (For Audio)     Well first of all with addressing   overheads , indexing etc actual   storage space is more like 7.95Gb 15Gb   and 29Gb respectively .Generally   speaking , the number of songs which   can be stored on your device depends   on the filesize of each song.No two   songs are the same size usually , a   number of factors can affect this. The   two main factors affecting the size of   an audio file arequality( Bitrate and   bitdepth) and time ( how long the song   is). Therefore to predict the  number   of songs your 8,32 or 16Gb Ipod Touch   can hold , a few assumptions will be   made based on the average user's mp3   listening practice. Here we will   assume each song is Cd quality   (44.1KHz sample rate) 128Kbps bitrate   and  4 minutes long i.e 3.75Mb per   song.   An 8Gb can hold about 2,120   mp3's songs A 16Gb drive could store   about 4,240 mp3's On a 32Gb drive you   could store about 8,480 mp3's   (For Video)     Typically you can get a DVD movie at   700mb when you download it. This gives   On an 8Gb drive you could store about   10 movies On a 16Gb drive you could   store about 21 movies On a 32Gb drive   you could store about 44movies You can   compress the movie down to a much   smaller filesize and it will still   look good on the small screen ,   allowing you to cram many more movies   in there. Apple claims the Ipod Touch    can hold up to 10 hours , 20 hours or   40 hours of video with the right   factors.Their claim is based on H.264   1.5-Mbps video at 640-by-480 resolution combined with 128-Kbps   audio.   As you can see, its not really an exact science of capacity of time. Same goes for CDR and DVDR's - the times are just estimations due to usual encoding and such.   I think Apple dropped this type of information from its advertising/tech specs because especially with the newer devices (which may need more space for OS) it would look like the storage capacity went down (as in, used to be x number of songs at y GB's, now x minus some number of songs at the same y GB's). The only one I see it on anymore is the iPod Classic, and if you have one with that large of a drive, you probably aren't counting much anymore either.   In your case I would probably keep the larger one (unless you need the money), because its never to bad to have extra space.   strongUpdate/strong: Do to the updated question (wondering about HD video recording), according to this site, one hour of HD video is about 4.73GB. So with the 8GB you would get maybe less than an hour and a half, and with the 32GB about 4 hours.   Another site has even more information on calculations.  <comment17014> Thanks for the answer. Yes, I am well aware of the capacity dependence on format and bit rate. My question was actually intended for HD video I record with the built-in camera. I will update the question to make it clearer. <comment17024> Even with your update, it depends. Obviously the 32GB is going to be roughly 4 times as long. Updating answer with more info. <comment17033> Thanks again. So, the combined information from the two links suggests somewhere between 4.5 and 6 hrs (give or take some) for the 32GB model, and around 1.5 hrs for the 8GB. It also suggest that for photo storage, around 11,500 and 3000 photos.