How do I prevent my MacBook Pro OS X 10.7.5 from searching for other wireless networks when I'm already connected? <body> How do I prevent my MacBook Pro OSX 10.7.5 from searching for other wireless networks when I'm already connected to my home network? It seems to drop my WiFi connection whenever it searches.  By already connected I mean that I'm working online or in email and lose connection to the internet. If I wait 30 seconds or so I regain my internet connection. If I click the WiFi icon when internet is lost, a message appears stating "searching for available networks" along with a spinning search icon. Once the icon stops spinning the message disappears, my network is highlighted, and I'm again connected to the internet - But only for a minute or two and the whole cycle repeats itself again and again  Good point cksum. So where should I start looking? One point I failed to mention earlier is that we have no connectivity problems with our PC.   <comment131725> Are you perhaps clicking the icon in the menu bar and initiating the search? Also how do you define "already connected" and detect when the connection drops? <comment131750> Sounds like you are losing your connection before it starts searching for an available network, not the other way around. I'd be looking into finding out the reason for the loss of connectivity, and not worrying about searching. The search is initiated when the Mac is not connected to a network. OS X doesn't search when there is an active connection unless you click on the system tray Wi-Fi icon (it would be incredibly exhaustive for the system to be continually searching all the time). <comment131910> It’s possible that the Mac is just more accurate about reporting the problem than your PC. Start by option (⌥) clicking on the Wi-Fi icon in your menu bar (top right of Mac screen) and see how strong of a signal you are getting. You also might try changing the channel of your Wi-Fi network, especially if there are many others in the area.