How to delete Bingo Bash data game from iPad <body> I downloaded Bingo Bash, which links to their server. Whenever I delete it and re-install it back, it will come back to the level that I was last playing.   How can I totally remove all the game data and play it from the start? And I also mistakenly connected with my Facebook account. Now when I play with my iPad, the same level also happens in my Facebook account - I'd like to disconnect this, and start the game from scratch.  <answer228415> Apple doesn't implement a user method to delete data stored in iCloud or Game Center.  You need to ask the developer to make that code in the app itself. I'm fairly certain a program that can write data can also clear it - but it's really up to them to implement that call to Apple's API in GameKit and CloudKit respectively.  See:  ul liHow do I delete data for one game in the iPad Game Center?/li /ul  <comment73714> Are you asking how to remove the game from your iPad, or how to remove your Facebook account from the game? <comment73715> Sorry, I mean I downloaded Bingo Bash that link to the server, Whenever I deleted it and re-install it back, it will come back to the level that I play. May I know how can I totally remove all the data and play it from the start? And I also mistakenly connected with my facebook account. now I play with my ipad the same level also happens in my facebook account. Anyway, I just hope I can totally remove the game from scratch. <comment73716> That's a good question, but I believe the answer will be specific to how the Bingo Bash game is implemented - do they have some kind of account settings on the iPhone or Facebook apps, or on their website, that let you reset your account? That might be one place to look. <comment73718> I've search around. No reset account can be found anywhere. I think this is link to their server. <comment111172> Your "profile" is saved on they server. Try going there and see if you can reset it. Alternatively, you need to log in with new credentials.