How can I reduce the size of a continually growing Mail app on my iPhone 5? <body> I have two email accounts on my iPhone: Cox and Gmail. Each accounts have few messages in their respective Inbox.  No attachments. The Draft, Sent, and Trash folders are empty. Yet, with time, the size of this app continues to grow and take up more of the free space on my iPhone 5: and its size is limited, the 16 GB model, of which 12.5 GB is available to the user.  I am running iOS 8.4.1.  It's as if there is garbage collection that isn't taking place and the storage space doesn't get freed-up.  Think about how hard drive space may get freed-up after sectors are freed-up when you defrag a Windows hard-drive. Battery Doctor helps free up cache space, etc., but does not affect the Mail app.  My Mail app now takes up 3.0 GB of space!  I have tried removing the accounts, and then setting them up fresh, but this doesn't help… the space is still taken.  I have performed factory resets on the iPhone where it is wiped clean and then have all apps reinstalled, but the problem still exists.  And, so far, I do not have a program that saves my Notes off to my laptop and maintains the formatting of the text, e.g. Bold, Italic, carriage returns, etc.  So, trying to recover the iPhone to the way it was is a real hassle, and the Mail app doesn't reduce in size… it will continue to grow.  Any ideas?  <answer227108> Your issue could be in how far back in time the mail app is syncing with your accounts. I have 3 accounts - Gmail, iCloud and an Exchange account. Combined, Mail is taking up 16 MB.  Go to Settings  Mail, Contacts, Calendars  [Account]  Mail Days to Sync. Is it on No Limit? Change that to a shorter period, such as 1 week. This will make the mail app only fetch emails as old as 1 week, leaving out the old unnecessary ones. Gmail usually isn't a problem - I have a lot of emails archived in my Gmail account but this isn't taking up any space on my phone. In fact, Mail Days to Sync isn't an option under the account settings in Gmail. It's likely your Cox account is taking up space.  See my comment about POP3, and links within, before reading below.  If you still must continue with using POP3 and want to use it through your phone, then you'll need to find a way to manage the size of your account. What's the space you get on your provider's server? Your settings show that when you download an incoming mail to your phone, it is still retained on your server. Have a lot of attachments? Try doing a little housekeeping (make sure when you're deleting you delete server copies, not just locally downloaded copies in your client) and then removing/re-adding the account to your phone. Else, follow this or check with your provider if they can help you migrate to using IMAP.  By client I mean email app. Please read those links I provided, they would have answered this and more. Wish I could help more but short of seeing your device, I don't have personal experience with Cox's email services. If eliminating the cause still hasn't worked out as I suggested, then you could try your local Apple store. Better still, if you don't have a specific reason for using POP3, IMAP will fix all your issues - space, access from multiple devices and ease of use.  <comment275864> You have been at iOS 8.4.1 for some time. How long ago (days, weeks) did the memory begin to be hogged? You seem to have a lot of Notes. Do you store a lot of data in your notes? Have you recently started taking more or longer Notes? Does this correspond with the increase in memory hogging? <comment276021> Hi...you stated:  "Go to Settings  Mail, Contacts, Calendars  [Account]  Mail Days to Sync. Is it on No Limit? Change that to a shorter period, such as 1 week."   For my Cox POP3 account, I can go to  Settings  Mail, Contacts, Calendars  [Account]  Advanced.  There, under  MOVE DISCARDED MESSAGES INTO:  I have two choices to choose from: Deleted Mailbox and Archive Mailbox. I have Deleted Mailbox selected.  Under DELETED MESSAGES:   I have.  Remove: after one day.  Under INCOMING SETTINGS:   I have  Delete from server: Never  Thank you DaleB <comment276031> My iPhone 5 has been hogging space since I first learned how to use it more than two years ago. It came with iOS 6.1.4. I have many Notes with reference information addresses, etc to help me when I have to use cabs, which is often. I also use Notes to save info that I gather when performing research with computer equipment specs. Many Notes are formatted: Bold, Italic. spaces, etc to make them easier to read <comment276159> Right, this is a POP3 account. Factory resets/removing and adding the account won't work. POP3 relies on downloading all your mail, and works differently from IMAP. Also, if your server is still holding all the emails, the mail app will just re-download them. It's too much to explain in a comment, but please give [this](http://www.howtogeek.com/99423/email-whats-the-difference-in-pop3-imap-and-exchange/) and [this](http://www.howtogeek.com/197207/email-basics-pop3-is-outdated-please-switch-to-imap-today/) a read. I know it's probably not what you want to hear, but consider switching to IMAP. <comment277303> Hi Sidewinder:  I will read the "this and this" but what you are telling me is just the opposite of what Cox told me and how my email account works with my iPhone.   If I set up an IMAP account on the iPhone and delete a msg on the iPhone, it also gets deleted from their server.  With a POP3 account on the iPhone, if I delete the msg on the iPhone, the original msg is still on their server.  Similalry with my Gmail account. <comment277313> Hi Sidewinder:   The other thing that doesn't make sense is if I look at my Cox email account with my laptop so that I see everything...all messages and sub filters that I created, my wmsusrs up about 175 MB of 2 GB available from Cox.  So, why is the Mail app on my iPhone taking up 3.0 GB.  This baffles me. <comment277375> A POP3 account is not very well suited to being used from multiple devices. What I meant was, what you do to your email from on one device won’t synchronize with the other. What Cox said is correct (and the links will explain it) – when you download an email from a POP3 account, anything you do to it, such as organize it or delete it, you'll be taking this action only on the locally downloaded copy, inside your email app. So for instance, if you delete an email on your PC, unless you also delete it from the server, that email will still download to your iPhone. <comment277376> What you do on one client does not reflect everywhere. Is 2 GB is the maximum size provided by Cox? Then 3 GB is odd. Can you verify that 175 MB is the size of all the email being stored on the server, and that if you were to set up a fresh client, it would download 175 MB worth of email? Remove the account from your phone and go by a process of elimination and see exactly which action on your phone makes it balloon to 3 GB. My suggestion of switching to IMAP stands. It will let you access your mail comfortably from multiple devices. Also it doesn't hurt to update to iOS 9. <comment277613> Hi Sidewinder:  Thank you for your feedback.  What you said is correct.  I purposely set up POP3 accounts on mu iPhone so that if I could control them independently of the corresponding emails on the Cox server ... and if I accidentally deleted something on the iPhone, it would still be on the Cox server as a backup. <comment277615> Right now, Cox's server email states window that 8% of 2GB is used in my email account.  My iPhone Mail app says that it is taking up 3.0 GB of storage, and I am afraid that this value will increase with time, as it has in the past.   I will be taking your advice and removing both, the Cox and Gmail accounts from my iPhone and then setting them back up, one by one, and noting hoe/if the Mail app's size changes ... but first I need to backup some message that are still on the iPhone, that I no longer have/needed on the server. <comment277616> I am not sure what you mean by "Client".  I am not using a mail program on my laptop (client ?) to which the emails are downloaded from a Cox server. <comment277618> I just access my email account on Cox.net and use their email window.  They have two versions: Classic Email browser and the Enhanced Email browser that you can use and switch between.  The Enhanced version is easier to use and allows the user more functionality and control.  Unfortunately, Cox does not have the Enhanced Browser available it I view my email on the iPhone...even if I access it by using Safari or Chrome on the iPhone. <comment278037> See edited answer. <comment278238> Hey Sidewinder:  I'll check it out.  Thanks. <comment295230> Notes stored in your GMail account have a special folder within your GMail mail account, and thus will take up space in your mail app.