Mounting the HDD part a DIY Hybrid Drive via USB <body> I have an iMac Late 2012 with what I thought was a 1TB Fusion Drive.  Well, the other day I started getting read errors and after a little diagnostics, turns out the drive is failing.    So, I bought a 1TB Samsung SSD and thought that I would just upgrade it to full SSD and not worry about the fusion aspect of things.  So, I replace the drive with no problems, install El Capitan with no problems then I go for my Time Machine backup and it starts throwing errors about Journaling and Case Sensitive formats.  For whatever reason, my TM backup is a no go.    No problem, I still have the fusion drive.  I can mount it and copy my files over.  Only problem is that I can't mount it.  It turns out that I had a 128GB SSD in the PCIe port on the logic board and a 1TB HDD on the SATA port.  Now, is it possible for me to "reconnect" (for a lack of a better word) this DIY fusion drive with one on SATA the other on USB or do I have to crack open this iMac again reattach the failing drive then redo my Time Machine backup?  When I run Disk Utility, I can see the 128GB SSD, but El Capitan says it's "unformatted."  I am assuming this is because it is missing the 1TB HDD  <comment278271> I would get a USB drive enclosure. There usually under $15. (Actually, I usually return it when I am finished). 1.) Since the SSD is already in the Mac, you might as well install OS X. 2.) Next, remove the SSD and put it in the enclosure. 3) Put the old Fusion drive back in the Mac. 4) Plug SSD in to USB port. 5) Start Mac and hold down alt/option key. 6) Select to boot from external USB SSD. 7) Copy files from the Fusion drive to SSD. 8) Shutdown, remove drives and install the SSD into the Mac. <comment278272> I was trying to avoid opening the imac again as it is a PITA.  I was hoping that I could put the old HDD into the USB enclosure, boot to the old partition, do another time machine or manually copy my files over, then disconnect the old HDD, boot from the new SSD and format the existing one.  If I have to open it, I will just connect the old HDD and do another backup. <comment278278> "Errors about case-sensitive"… Did you format the new drive case-sensitive? Time Machine sure wouldn't like that. Try it again non case-sensitive. GUID/HSF+/Journaled is all it needs to be. <comment278288> I did.  I reformatted the drive both case and non-case sensitive.  After that, I then got the message about "Time Machine previous version" (sorry, I am away from the machine now)