Print job from Macbook Pro prints repeatedly <body> We are trying to set up printing for a Macbook Pro running Snow Leopard or Mountain Lion (10.8.2) using an HP Color Laser Jet 3550 as a network printer. It seems to find and recognize the printer just fine, but upon submitting a one page print job it proceeds to print multiple copies of the page until the job is cancelled at the printer.I have checked, and it is set to only print one page in the printer dialogue.   There are no apparent errors from the Macbook or the printer. They both think they are doing as they ought.  We have not had much opportunity to work with Apple products in the past, and are able to print from various flavors of Windows machines without issue. What could be going on here, and how can we print from this machine without killing a forest?  Update: We have set the Macs up with a Brother MFC-8460N USB printer to use. There is no problem printing with it.  <comment82906> Have you looked at the Print Queue for the printer? Apple menu, System Preferences, Print & Scan, Click on your printer, Open Print Queue. Anything lingering there that ought not be? <comment83007> @Richard The job itself stays in the Print Queue while it is misbehaving. There does not appear to be anything else in the queue. <comment84000> So, if you restart your computer and then check the print que there is nothing in it? In other words, if you stop the problem print job nothing remains in the que, right? Can you print a test sheet directly from the printer? If you do that, does it print more than one? It would be useful to sort out whether the problem is in the computer or printer and then, if computer, where. <comment84509> @Richard Thank you. After restarting the computer, it resumes printing. The job then looks like it stays in the print queue. I will have them try to print a test page. <comment84790> The fact that the second printer is working fine is tell-tale. Might the driver on the 3550 need updating? Does HP say that it's compatible with the versions of Mac OS you're using? I have an older HP laser printer and every now and then HP sends out a driver update which I get through software update. Maybe check the HP site and see what the latest version of the driver is vs what you have installed.