How to view movies stored on external drive on my iPad? <body> I have and external HD (it doesn't need extra power, just USB) that contains a lot of movies. I know that I can transfer those movies to the iPad via iTunes, but the iPad is almost full.  Is there a way where I can connect the iPad to the external HD and watch my media?  <answer266532> You can connect USB devices to your iPad with one of Apple's USB camera connection adapters, but there are a number of limitations and requirements to make this work.  There are also drives now that are specifically designed to work with Lightning connectors — if you are viewing this page from a Google search and don't have a drive yet and want to see if you can make this work, you might want to look into buying one of them instead.  If you already have a non-Lightning USB drive and want to use it with your iPad, read on.  h1Limitations/h1  ul liThe drive must either be externally powered (plugs into the wall) or require only a emtiny/em amount of power. I wasn't able to find exactly how much power the port is allowed to supply, but it almost certainly won't be enough for a hard drive — flash storage/solid state only.  ul listrongNote:/strong It might be possible to skirt this requirement by using a USB hub which draws power from an external power supply. I wasn't able to find definitive information about whether this works, though, so do some testing before buying anything./li /ul/li liThe drive must be formatted in a certain way. I don't have the kit myself, so I can't test this, but some sources claim it must be FAT/FAT32/exFAT formatted and others that it must be HFS+ formatted. NTFS definitely won't work. (This may be a variable dependent on your iOS version — test it out with another drive first that you don't mind reformatting a couple times.)/li /ul  h1Establishing the physical connection/h1  If you have an older iPad with the 30-pin dock connector (1st, 2nd, or 3rd generation iPad), you will need the iPad Camera Connection Kit (discontinued, but available from Amazon or other places).  If you have a newer iPad with a Lightning connector (any iPad Mini, Pro, Air, or the 4th generation iPad), you will need the Lightning to USB Camera Adapter ($29) or the Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter ($39). The more expensive one's only advantages are that it will allow you to charge your iPad simultaneously, and if you have a 12.9" iPad Pro it will allow you to transfer data with USB 3 speeds.  h1If your iPad is jailbroken/h1  If you're jailbroken, it's pretty easy. Simply use a file manager like Filza or iFile and view the files from there, or a media viewer like Kodi (formerly XBMC).  h1If your iPad is not jailbroken/h1  If you aren't jailbroken, it is still possible to view movies on an external drive, though it necessitates that you have enough spare storage on your iPad to hold a movie, that it's fine to either reorganize or duplicate your movies, and that all your movies are already in iOS-readable formats (I wasn't able to find a list of supported formats for this, but it's a fair bet that MKVs are out, for instance).  ol liOn your computer, copy the movies you want to watch to a "DCIM" folder at the root of the drive./li liYou may need to also rename the movies to something like "DCIM_1234" — sources vary as to whether this is a required step./li liConnect the drive to your iPad with the adapter and open the Photos app./li liIt should now prompt you to import your media./li liSelect the movie(s) you want to copy to your iPad and tell them to import./li liOnce the import has finished, you can unplug the drive from your iPad (no "eject" button is necessary)./li liYour movies will be in the Photos app as though they were videos you took with a camera. You will need to watch them in Photos or in a third party app which can view media in your Photos library./li /ol  If any of the requirements of that method aren't an option, there may still be a way to do it with a third-party app, though I wasn't able to find any options in my research while writing this answer. If I find any further information about this in the future, I will update my answer to include it.  <comment334203> I answered with a way to connect it physically, but assuming you aren't jailbroken it probably won't work for you. It's also possible to have your computer act as a media server with the hard drive connected, and have your iPad wirelessly stream the media from it. Would those instructions help?