2008 13" MacBook unibody (A1278) will not boot <body> I'm having trouble booting a 2008 13" MacBook unibody (A1278) that hasn't been used in ~7-9 months.  The laptop is in excellent physical condition (not drops/spills), and worked prior to storage in a safe climate controlled space. Only issues prior to extended non-use was an old battery that wasn't holding charge for long and occasionally a spotty WiFi connection.  Upon getting the laptop back out the other day, the battery was completely drained, so I plugged it in a let it charge for a bit. The light on the MagSafe connector turned green, then orange and the first battery indicator light started flashing signaling charging. It has since gained several charge lights.  Pressing the on button, there is no start tone.  The HDD spins up, runs several seconds, quits, and then spins up again and runs until I force shutdown by holding the on button.  The display does nothing; not backlight or image.  After suitable boot time, pressing the caps lock key does not change the light.  I've pulled out the rather new HDD and booted another computer with it, so it's working just fine. I've also put in another bootable HDD in it's place and experience the same behavior.  I've pulled the RAM and reseated, also restarted with only one RAM stick and then the other, with no success. Starting with no RAM sticks, I do not hear the three beeps that I believe I'm supposed to hear.  I've tried all of the other suggestions that I could find to reset the PRAM, SCM, etc. I've started by holding the eject button as some have suggested.  There is not difference in behavior if started with or without the battery, or even with the new aftermarket battery that arrive yesterday.  If I take the battery out and unplug the laptop, hold the on button for ~10 seconds, connect the power while continuing to hold the on button for an additional 10 seconds and then attempt to restart, the fan comes on at full speed.  I'm torn at this point. I'm struggling to believe it's a bad logic board when it worked prior and has been safely stored.  ul liCould it be something to do with the battery having been so depleted, and likely defective at this point?/li liMy understanding is that this machine does not have a PRAM battery, but a capacitor instead. Anyone know different? Could that be the issue?/li /ul  Sorry for the long read, I wanted to give as much detail as possible. Any and all help would be greatly appreciated. Right now I've got two of three of the MB(P)s in the house not working. Kind of a bummer.  <comment325193> Can you also provide details of all the Mac models you have in the house? Also, what version of macOS is on the 2008 13" MacBook? And how long have you been trying to get it to work? <comment325201> I believe the 2008 13" MacBook is running Mountain Lion.  I've got a 2007 15" MBP with the notorious GPU issue and has not been used since it was replaced by a 2012 15" MBP that's now running Sierra. <comment325202> I've been trying to get the 2008 to boot since Saturday. <comment325207> Just a couple of things - there's no such thing as a 13" 2008 MBP, so I assume you mean the 2009 13" MBP. If so, then this MBP has a FireWire port. Now, assuming your 2012 MBP is not the Retina model, this will also have a FireWire port. If you have a FireWire cable, what happens if you try booting the 2012 MBP from the 2009 MBP in Target Disk Mode? (If the 2012 MBP is a Retina model, you can do the same thing if you have a Thunderbolt to FireWire adapter). Ideally you would do the opposite test as well but the 2009 MBP won't run anything above OS X 10.11.6. Let me know how you go. <comment325235> You're correct, the 2008 is not a pro.  Unfortunately, I don't have immediate access to a FireWire cable.  May I ask what this will tell you?  I know if I pull the drive out of the 2008 MB, I can boot my '12 MBP off of it over USB.  On the '08, I cannot get to a bootable disk screen.  Screen stays dark.  Thank you for the help. <comment325238> As you know, troubleshooting is a process of elimination (often a tedious one). In your question, you state: *I've pulled out the rather new HDD and booted another computer with it, so it's working just fine. I've also put in another bootable HDD in it's place and experience the same behaviour.* This eliminated the possibility that the original HDD was faulty, but what it hasn't eliminated is the possibility (however remote) that the internal HDD cable is to blame (e.g.. because of a kink, the connection, etc). So I was just wanting to eliminate that. BTW, have you tried starting in Safe Mode?