Help with Mouse-Over "Help Balloons" on OS X <body> strongGeneral Problem:/strong  I use a large mouse pointer, which covers up mouse-over Help Balloons (AKA Tool Tips)  Although normally ignorable, there are times when that text is important.  Moving the mouse out of the way or to the right usually doesn't work - either you leave the hot zone or the balloon times out.  My current annoying workaround is to visit Accessibility, temporarily turn the mouse pointer back to normal size, revisit the application you want the info for, then revisit Settings and make it large again, then back to the original app... such a hassle I rarely do it, though good to know if absolutely needed.  strongIdea: Change the font?/strong  I don't see that option.  On Windows you can set the size, colors and font for that mouse over text.  strongIdea: Change the position of the balloon./strong  I don't see that option either.  The Mac, being normally so smart, you'd think they would know to move the balloon out of the way of the larger cursor.  Cursor and balloons are both functions of the OS, so in theory they could coordinate the two.  strongIdea: Change the timing/strong, delay the balloon from vanishing so quickly after the mouse leaves the hot zone.  I'm guessing there's some internal OS parameter for this, but no setting.  strongIdea: Voice Over to the rescue?/strong  Well... maybe not...  Although I have low vision, I still use the Mac primarily in visual mode, so full Voice Over is super-overkill for just this one problem.  I wondered if Voice Over could be configured to just do this one thing, but I don't see "balloon help" as an option.  Also, as a secondary issue, would it be easy to turn full voiceover back on in case I ever needed it or let somebody use my mac?  strongAny other ideas?/strong  Or is there a way to configure Voice Over for just this one thing?  emFYI: Searches on Google seem to get distracted by people wanting to add speech bubbles to photos or cartoons, and many of those artists use the Mac.  I did look several times./em 