Macbook Pro mid-2012: battery lasts 1-2 years or less, then swells <body> I changed 3 batteries during 5 years of using MBP mid-2012 because of swelling. First battery was Apple and it lasted about 2 years, then swelled. Subsequent ones I installed myself, one was supposedly OEM from trusted seller which lasted about 1.5 years, another was supposedly hi-end replacement alternative which lasted 10 months. I work mostly with the charger plugged in, though with my last battery I had a calendar event every month when I worked without a charger. I understand that more or less battery swelling is somewhat normal. But experiencing it periodically with every battery, and only after a year of use — is extremely strange. What can cause such fast battery swelling? Could it be a defect in my Macbook? Or it is a normal thing to change a battery once in a year?  PS: I have a 15-inch MBP with SSD installed inside optibay and 16gb of memory  <comment361606> I have at least 7 personal laptops - a MacBook, 2 MacBook Pros, Dell Precision 4300 and Latitude D830 and a Toshiba 205CDS (18 years).  Batteries don't hold a charge but none have swelled.  What are the environmental conditions are you operating in?  Usually it's heat and/or overcharging meaning you also may have an issue with your MagSafe I/O Adapter. <comment361607> I use it as a desktop at home, at normal room temperature and humidity. I may have overheat issue inside a macbook (I had some kernel panics earlier related to the GPU) — but nothing extreme. I regularly monitor temperatures from laptop sensors through iStat Menus and never noted anything unusual... Is there a way to test MagSafe Adapter somehow? <comment361610> The most cost effective way to test is to just replace - they are super cheap on [Amazon](http://amzn.to/2rn1lml) (approx $10-30).  The other problems could be the overcharge protection of the battery or the charging power rail on the logic board.  I would have this looked at because your battery life/symptoms are way outside the norm. <comment361612> Okay, I double checked — first battery was Apple and it lasted about 2 years, then swelled. Second lasted about 1.5 years, and third lasted 10 months (edited question info). Does it still out of norm? 10 month definitely is.. This is where I started worrying <comment361614> All still really short - Apple has 1 yr warranty but will extend with AppleCare (2 yrs std in Euro) so 2 years is already outside the norm.  1.5 and 10 months are also well outside the norm.  I've had cheap after market batteries stop charging after 18 months, but never had them fail this often in one machine - especially with the swelling.  This many on one Mac points to an issue with the Mac itself <comment361718> Make sure you're not making heavy use of the laptop while it's placed on a soft surface. Laptops should be placed on hard surfaces ideally, although it isn't so necessary if the laptop isn't being heavily used. You'll know if it's under pressure if you hear the fans going. The high heat could conceivably damage the battery. Just an untested theory.