My bluetooth keyboard and touchpad seem to be interfering <body> On a Mac Air running the latest OSX I find that the keys that I type are not showing up quickly on the screen sometimes with a multi second delay. It is very intermittent but it happens regularly all day. It's intolerable.  The keyboard is a cheap bluetooth Anker keyboard. The touchpad is a Logitech magic pad equivalent.  Is there such a thing as Bluetooth interference? Because the keyboard, computer and touchpad are all very close to each other. And can it make sense that a bluetooth keyboard works well on an iPhone and badly on a Mac Air?  The other thing I noticed is from time to time I get the "touchpad reconnecting" message as a ghost overlay over the screen - you know the one I mean?  What is going on?  <answer148710> I've had this same exact issue with a Bluetooth apple magic mouse. The culprit for me was the rechargeable batteries that I was using. Before I changed the batteries it would constantly lose connectivity and then connect again a few seconds later. It was very frustrating.  Did your keyboard and touchpad come with any drivers? If so are the up to date?  <comment175461> Hmm. They came with a cd but I am on an air so no cd... So I've not updated drivers. Also the touchpad has rechargeable batteries (built in) so I need to check whether they need a charge. <comment175464> I had some very weird behavior with the magic trackpad - but in the end noticed there was a pen lying on the trackpad which caused it to think it was a "hold finger" gesture. Can you check if during this behavior there is anything on the trackpad or the builtin one? <comment175485> Hmm.. Another interesting thought. Because I am using the mac in "clamshell" mode (i.e. the top is down) So something is near the closed trackpad... But we'd assume that Apple engineering would be on top of that. Another related odd phenomenon which is not exactly repeatable is that when I open the cover on the mac (but keep on using the bluetooth keyboard and trackpad) the problem seems to clear up... Usually but not always...