Required: Contacts App for iPhone 5c (IFTTT Compatible) <body> I have iPhone 5c (iOS8). I recently added a recipe from IFTTT that lets me store any new contacts I add on my iPhone to a spreadsheet on my Google Drive account. I'm also using an app called "Connect" that is a contacts manager and dialer app. It also lets me group my contacts and call with only a swipe.   My problem is that this connect app doesn't trigger the IFTTT Recipe, that's only triggered when I add a contact via the default ios contacts app (icon). I'm using connect-app by default, and so all contacts don't get updated to the spreadsheet when I add them.  Therefore, I'm posting this question to request for an ios app that could let me add contacts easily with grouping/speed-dialing, and also trigger the IFTTT recipe. The recipe only triggers when adding contacts via the default contacts app. I require these contacts as a backup, cause Google doesn't keep deleted contacts older than 1 month of deletion.  That's mostly all. Thanks for any help.  <answer190165> The IFTTT recipe gets information from a specific source (channel) that is defined in the recipe. In this case I assume that you use a recipe which imports contacts to a spreadsheet on Google Drive and then it only imports contacts from the contacts application (the built-in one).  From what I am aware of there isn't any application currently that offers this synchronisation with Google Drive via IFTTT other than the iOS built-in one.  <answer190572> Found an app that syncs with the native iphone contacts...:   FullContact  <comment225987> Is there any app that could let me add new contacts to a spreadsheet? Thanks! <comment225996> @mk117 as you mentioned earlier the iOS built-in contacts app does that via IFTTT. Or do you mean a way to add contacts from Connect-app to a spreadsheet? <comment226031> Yes! IFTTT allows that, although I require the contacts to be added from the Connect app to a spreadsheet... Would that be possible? Any app that could let me take a backup of contacts and-or call history automatically (Free app)