iPhone audio notifications aren't working <body> I have a user who had an iPhone 5S running iOS 10.  He came to me complaining about non-functioning notifications in text messages and phone.  The problem seems to be intermittent, if we reboot the phone the ringers come back.  But then after a while they just stop working again.  What we've tried...  ol liWe Checked for mute and volume 0. /li liWe checked for Do Not Disturb. /li liWe changed the notification sounds. /li liWe checked Settings-Notifications-Phone and made sure Allow Notifications was on. /li liWe checked to see if numbers were blocked. /li liWe made sure no bluetooth devices were connected. /li liWe checked all apps, removing most of the apps he installed. /li liWe made sure the Otter Box case wasn't accidentally hitting rockers or buttons. /li liWe factory reset the phone.  /li liAfter all that we decided maybe there was a hardware problem with the 5S and upgraded the phone to bran new iPhone 7 from verizon./li /ol  About a week or so after receiving the new phone the user started complaining about the same problem.  Audible notifications in text or phone will stop working until reboot.  Could there be something corrupt in his iCloud/iTunes backup (we restored from backup on factory reset and new phone)?  Does anyone know of anything else we can check?  Thanks  -Craig   <comment330954> Have you tried Settings-General-Reset-Erase All Content and Settings" on the new phone without restoring from the backup? This way you can make sure that the phone iOS backup image is not corrupted. <comment330960> We tried both general reset and network reset, but we have not tried it without a restore.  The user is reluctant because he'd have to re-enter his extensive list of contacts.  I may just have to convince him that it's the last thing to try.  Maybe I'll try backing up the contacts to Outlook or CSV.   But, I suppose it could be one of the contacts causing the problem.  *sigh* <comment330962> I assume the issue could be with the restored backup not the iCloud. You might want to try migrating all contacts and other relevant information to iCloud and then hard reseting the phone without using backup. As well as deleting the corrupted backup. Btw, is the notifications problem appearing only on one contact, list of contacts or on all the contacts? <comment331066> No, there doesn't seem to be a pattern in contacts affected.  The phone just decides to stop working when it feels like it.  Once it stops working, no phone notifications. <comment342247> Could the phone be connected to an Apple Watch? With the Watch connected, notifications are auto-muted. Confused me originally :).