How to fix "A required CD/DVD drive device driver is missing" for Windows 7 on Yosemite <body> I've been trying to install Windows 7 on Yosemite (10.10.5) on a Macbook Pro (Retina, 15-inch, Late 2013). My machine doesn't have any CD/DVD drive so I've downloaded Windows and the Mac support files (downloaded during Bootcamp) on a USB drive. I've gotten the drive partitioned and started installing Windows, but didn't get very far before getting the error in the title.  I found this thorough and detailed answer, but unfortunately it didn't work for me either. That answer mentions another step if it doesn't work ("If the installation still doesn't work a more time consuming way has to be chosen (modifying the boot.vim)"). Anyone know anything about that?  I did find this link, but I did what it said there (copy the drivers onto the Bootcamp partition, because it can't read them from the USB drive) and it's still not working. When I try to browse to the drivers, it doesn't seem to see the individual .exe driver files in the folders. It only displays the folders. I thought maybe they weren't copied, but when I booted up in OS I could see all the driver files on the Bootcamp partition.  Any other suggestions?  <comment269810> The error, "A required CD/DVD drive device driver is missing", during a Windows install is often associated with corrupt install media. From where did you acquire the DVD or ISO Image that was used by Boot Camp Assistant? <comment269820> I got it from microsoft; I had a chat with a Microsoft support guy and he sent me a OneDrive link; I couldn't download it from their 'official' site because they couldn't download an english version for Mac, if you can believe that <comment269822> There is no specific version for Mac per se. You need an ISO Image of a full install version, not an upgrade, and you need to verify the downloaded image against published checksum to ensure the downloaded file is not corrupted as it can be even when downloads are reported successful when not done with a download client that automatically verifies against a checksum.