option-e is not longer a dead key for acute accent on QWERTY layout <body> I am French but I have always been using US QWERTY keyboards with my Mac. It suits me fine because 90% of the time, I type code or write in English.  In the occasional 10% of the time that I need to type something in French, I have learned and committed to muscle memory the way to type French accentuated letters on a US QWERTY keyboard: first type the diacritical key (showing up as a temporary yellow-outlined character), then the letter (which is then replaced by the combined accentuated character).  And suddenly, one important instance has stopped working on my Mac Pro: option-e, to represent the acute accent, essential to type the very common "é" French letter.  All other dead keys keep working. Now when I display the keyboard viewer, option-e still shows up as an acute accent, and it is still displayed in Orange, as if it was a diacritical, but typing it does nothing at all. The keyboard viewer should show a brief flash of the key, but it doesn't any more. Even clicking on the key on the viewer has stopped working. This rules out a hardware failure, and in any case, the "E" key works just fine, and so does the option key in all other cases.  Needless to say, this is driving me crazy.  I tried and failed to restore that functionality:  ul liI removed the US layout and reinstalled it/li liI checked all the system shortcuts, none of which is set to option-E/li liI upgraded from El Capitan to Sierra, only to get the same issue on Sierra/li /ul  And of course, my work Mac, running Sierra, does not have the issue at all.  What could cause such a behaviour? Of course, I have third party software installed.  Am I doomed to reinstall a clean OS?  Any help welcome  <comment329308> Have you tried this keyboard on your work iMac?  Or have you tried another keyboard on your Mac Pro?  That's a more reliable way to rule out keyboard damage. <comment329309> Can you still get é by holding down the e key and choosing it from the popup menu that appears?