iMac random shutdown <body> I have recently faced a critical issue with my iMac (since June 2016). The problem showed up after installing OSX El Capitan. It shutdown randomly and suddenly. It's as if the power cord has been disconnected. And it doesn't restart when I press the power on button. I have to switch off the power socket, wait for a few minutes, then it can be turned back on.   After 3 visits to Apple Store to fix this, they ran same test to see if it's a hardware- or softwareproblem (negative), the ram-module is replaced, they have done a clean install and it's still the same problem.  Is there anyone who has a solution for this problem?  to be continued...  <answer255827> I can't imagine the Apple Store haven't already done this - but have you/they tried resetting the SMC?  strongFor iMacs, the steps to do this are:/strong  ol liShut down your computer/li liUnplug it from the power socket /li liPress and hold the power button for 5 seconds/li liPlug it back in and turn it on./li /ol  However, assuming they have already tried this, there are other things they can do, such as swapping over the logic board.  Troubleshooting is a process of elimination, and you know that reinstalling macOS doesn't resolve the issue, and neither does replacing the RAM. So, if it was me, the logic board would be next.  Let us know how you go.  <answer259840> While I was writing this my 27" iMac again randomly shutdown. I believe this is a software related issue, not a hardware issue. Here is why. I have (2) nearly identical 27" iMacs sitting on my desk connected by thunderbolt. One is a 27" i5 , the other a 27" i7, both running OS X 10.12.1. The random shutdown issue originated on the i5. In order to remedy the issue, I wiped the i7 clean and reinstalled the OS X thru 10.12.1. I then did a "T" transfer migration of all data from the effected i5 to the newly wiped i7 via thunderbolt transfer. The problem came with over to the new i7 with the transfer which means that this must be a software issue. Who agrees? How do i get Apple to cough of a solution? Other posts out there deduce a logic board issue or power supply, but I believe my scenario helps to eliminate the hardware theory. If it is in fact a software issue, won't this be covered by Apple? I already lost an entire hard drive and all data due to a recalled drive that Apple failed to disclose to customers, now this annoying issue. Ever since Steve died, shit has fallen off!  <comment318760> If the Apple store can't resolve the issue after 3 visits then you should tell them to do a warranty replacement on the iMac. <comment318999> my Mac is no langer under warranty... <comment319000> apparantly there are other mac-users who have the same problem. The logic board is, according to them not the problem, they've replaced it and the problem stays the same... <comment319011> Apple have been known to do repairs/replacements for hardware outside of the warranty period. Of course, each case is different. In any case, can you edit your question to provide details of your iMac? Please include your particular model, RAM, SSD/HDD, CPU etc. Also, what exact version of El Capitan are you running? And, what version of MacOS were you running prior to installing El Capitan? <comment325144> This answer could be made better if you simply focused on answering the original question and removed the commentary.   See [answer] for tips on answering questions. <comment325145> The first thing you need to do is find out what the "shutdown cause" is.  You can find it in the syslog.  Issue this command:  `syslog | grep shutdown` and post your results. <comment325146> I can't tell if this is an attempt to answer the original question or an attempt to ask a new question.  Consider rewriting so it's an **answer.**  If it's a question in the same vane as the OP, upvote his question.  If you have a different question, search to see if it hasn't been asked already, and if not, ask a new question.