Late 2013 rMBP LG panel two dim streaks at the top of the display <body> I recently (like 4 days ago) bought a new MacBook Pro Retina 15" laptop from my local Apple Store.  I love the machine, but I noticed two regions that seem to be receiving less backlighting than they should. What's bugging me is that these regions are symmetric to the display, so I'm wondering if this is really a defect or not.  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/osSKf.jpg" alt="enter image description here"  I wasn't looking for trouble, I actually noticed the issue when using Chrome, the silver top bar was obviously inconsistent which started to drive me crazy.  I know display issues plague the retina machines, but those issues are usually the exploding pixels on the Samsung panels and the ghosting (image retention) on the LG's. This is neither of those issues.  So other late 2013 rMBP owners, or just Apple people in the know, is this normal for this model of machine or is this a defect? Thanks!  <comment144662> I'm an early 2013 rMBP owner and don't have that issue. I did get my screen replaced because a small clump of pixels got stuck though. I'd definitely take that in to get it checked out. Are the dark spots always there? In my pre-retina apple laptops I would see something like that from time to time near the bottom but it would go away. <comment144665> I will wait to make an answer once I check out a dozen or so macs closely. When the voltage in the backlight is off, you can see subtle "stadium lighting" effects, but that typically is most visible from the lower edge and is a striking effect. Is it only noticeable in some range of brightness or present with backlight 100% on wall power? <comment144666> Good to know, but no the spots are always there :( <comment144667> Actually the effect is more noticeable when I turn the brightness up. <comment144668> My hunch is that if it's plainly visible to a bystander and different from the floor models - most genius bars would either document and research if it's repairable under warranty or offer an exchange / repair based on the age of the machine. Since you're at 4 days, well within the 14 day return period and if engineering wants DOA failures/anomalies to analyze, they'll likely offer a free data transfer in addition to a prompt exchange. This all hinges on the uneven lighting being as obvious in-store as it looks in the picture you attached. <comment144735> Apple gave me a replacement but it has the same issue, so did 4 of the other display models. :/