Locked out of iCloud on iPhone after Apple ID email changed <body> I am effectively locked out of the iCloud my iPhone 4.  This is what happened:  ol liMy Virginmedia email account was hacked. I deleted my virginmedia account./li liMy virginmedia email account was my apple ID, so I logged in to manage iCloud and changed it to a new one./li liMy iPad and old iPhone then complained about the account and kept asking me to log in over and over and over and over and over again. Obviously I can not, as it has the old email address as the account./li liI read up on advice from Apple and they say to temporarily change the account password back, sign in, sign out, change it back, sign in - fixed. Simples!/li liI can't, because to change the email address for the ID you have to confirm the verification code sent to the email account WHICH NO LONGER EXISTS./li liNext bit of advice: Upgrade to 9.3, so you have a 'log out' option. This worked on my iPad mini/li liBut... I can't update my iPhone 4 due to the familiar 'you are not connected to the internet' bug we all know and love./li liSpent hours trying all the recommended fixes. None of the ones I can do worked. The one I can't do, is delete the download in iCloud storage. The reason being that I can't connect to the iCloud, which is the reason I am trying to upgrade to 9.3 in the first place. ^_^/li liContacted Apple support, spent three hours on the phone (seriously) and they can't fix it. They did make a minor bit of progress - they suggested upgrading the software via iTunes, which worked. However I still couldn't log out without the password for the none existent account. Eventually they admitted defeat and said it will need to wait for a software update to fix the issue. ^_^ Until then, I can not access the iCloud on this device.../li /ol  Completely stumped. After reading around on the web, it seems that this is an old issue, it has been around for maybe 6 months or more..  Anyone any ideas at all about work arounds or fixes unknown to Apple?  Thanks. 