Parallels Desktop for Mac: Stuck on "Preparing to configure your virtual machine..." <body> ol liI bought and installed Parallels Desktop on my Mac./li liI installed Parallels Transporter Agent on my Windows machine that runs Windows 7./li liI migrated my windows machine to my Mac, took about 36 hours. I can see on my mac desktop all of the files and folders that are on my windows desktop./li liAfter that was done, the virtual machine says "Upgrading Windows", and below that, per the title of this post, it says "Preparing to configure your virtual machine..."/li liIt chugs for about a minute, and the progress bar gets about 1/5 of the way./li liIt stops and now the virtual machine screen is black, except for: "Windows. Click to Start." If I click on that, it goes back to step 4./li /ol  Alternative: On step 4 above, there is a little icon, and if I click on it, it asks me: "Are you sure you want to switch to the manual configuration mode for the "Windows" virtual machine? If I click "Yes" to that, something else happens each time! One of the following 3 things happens:  (a) I get a screen that says "Starting Windows". But after a few seconds, a get a blue screen, and it jumps back to step 4 above.  (b) I get a black screen that says at the bottom "Windows is loading files" that lasts a few seconds; then a progress bar at the bottom that also lasts a few seconds; then I get a blue screen (not the blue screen of death) with what looks like a little black dos popup which lasts just a second; then I get a little wizard popup entitled "Startup repair" which also lasts just a second; then another little popup that lasts less than a second, then back to step 6 above.  (c) I get a black screen entitled "Windows Error Recovery", which gives me two options:  (c.i) Launch Startup Repair (Recommended). Choosing this does the same as (b) above.  (c.ii) Start Windows Normally. Choosing this does the same as (a) above.  Mac OS X Yosemite Version 10.10 iMac 27-inch  Help!  <comment246460> Same problem in 10.11 and Parallels 11, except on #4 it goes to a help page on the Parallels site and I can't really do anything else.  VMware seems to start up, but has a horrible problem where it can't seem to shrink volumes properly now and was hoping to move over to Parallels for this customer.  C'est la vie. <comment246471> Well, finally I was able to bounce around a couple of times and I found that I was able to reclaim space with Parallels (even though it would not start the OS) and then import to VMware and now I have this client using VMware instead of Parallels with a savings of about 60GB to boot.