Apple Calendar Time Zone <body> This has been an issue on and off over the years, but I have never got a fully working solution.  The problems occur mainly with flights from one time zone to another.  I have a flight for which I enter the start and end times, both local to the airport. However, the destination is in a different time zone.  On my iPhone. I have strongTime Zone Overide/strong turned off, and while in the destination city, I see 2 times for an event’s details: the local time and the time in the origin.  However, I find that:  ul liThe time in the Event List shows only the origin time, not the local time./li liThe reminder alerts at the origin time and not the local time./li /ul  This applies to other events which were set before the trip.  The question is strongWhat do I need to do to see event times and alerts in the local time?/strong  To complete the story, I add the event on my iMac and then rely on my iPhone to keep me informed. Latest version of all software.  <answer275070> In Calendar Advanced Preferences there is an option to turn on Time Zone Support.  This is not a totally satisfactory solution, as the Time Zone applies to the whole event.  When I am flying I enter Departure time in my local Time Zone, and create a separate event for Arrival in the other Time Zone.  <comment346068> I have taken to entering the local time in the notes section of an event. However, I am experimenting with hand-creating an `ical` event: it appears to allow me to enter different time zones for the start and finish time. <comment346103> Apropos Time Zone Support, I notice that you can (a) set a specific time zone for an individual event, and (b) set that time zone to __floating__. When I viewed my calendar in another time zone (by selecting it from the drop down) floating events appeared to display with their original time, not the time-zone adjusted time. I’m not flying out for a while, but this seems to be the solution. If you could verify this and incorporate the results, I could then accept your answer.