How do you force OS X to re-detect displays? <body> I use my MacBook at work and at home. Whenever I switch between work and home,  every now and again I get bug whereby the Mac thinks an external monitor is still plugged in, even if it's not.  This means when I go to plug in either my work or home monitors, one of them doesn't work as OS X still thinks there is a different monitor plugged in.  The only way I've been able to fix this is to restart, but I was hoping there was a quick way to fix this through a terminal command or something.  Note that System Preferences  Displays  Option + Detect Displays does not work.  <answer281798> Since at least OS X El Capitan (Version 11.x), you can force Detect Displays using Command-IncreaseBrightness (Cmd-F2 key on MacBook Pro, or Cmd-fn-F2 if you have function keys turned on).  I had a similar problem with my 13" MBP, where when I disconnected an external display it didn't detect that it should switch to the single, built-in display – regardless of whether the machine was already sleeping or the lid were quickly closed. Cmd-F2 worked for forcing the machine to detect that the only available display was the built-in one.  As a bonus, you can also toggle Display Mirroring using Cmd-DecreaseBrightness (Cmd-F1...). Hit it again to toggle back.  Hope this helps!  <comment308288> The same thing keeps happening to me. In my case, I use a MBP and an HP thunderbolt display. I haven't been able to confirm, but I think, that I can reproduce this by either A) quickly closing the lid and unplugging the laptop (from power, the external display, and usb hub), or B) -- the inverse -- unplugging the laptop and quickly closing the lid. <comment308291> My suspicion is that OS X, in either case, it starts a coroutine to go from two displays to one, but when the power supply is cut off and the lid is closed, then it is forced into hibernation and interrupting display reconfiguration routine.  (I, accidentally, submitted my comment prematurely and I've missed the edit window.) <comment371144> slight caveat: new macbook pro doesn't have an F2 button...