How do I export a single frame from iMovie 10.0.3? <body> I might end up resorting to a screenshot, but I do not know br the movie's resolution, and would like an image at actual size.  brbr  I have tried lots of methods that came up when I searched online. br The only one that worked for me was a screenshot, but that runs into the size issue. brbrbr Some sources suggested various options under the "Share" button, but none of those options come up when I click that button. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ The options that actually show up for me are br Theater ​ and ​ Email ​ and ​ iTunes ​ and ​ YouTube ​ and br Facebook ​ and ​ Vimeo ​ and ​ CNN Report ​ and ​ File .  Some sources suggested a "right-click", or showed a menu being brought up looks br exactly like those that come up from right clicks. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ However, I have tried button+click br for each button from among ​ fn , control , option , command , shift ​ , ​ ​ ​ both on the br normal display and the full-screen display, and none of those brought up any such menu.  Some sources suggested starting by copying a small segment of the movie into a new project. br However, I cannot figure out any way of creating a new emproject/em, and although I can easily br create a new emevent/em, I can't figure out any way of getting a significant part of the window to br correspond to the new event, whereas the sources I mentioned in my previous sentence br show that having been done for the projects. ​ If I instead drag the segment over br the name of the new event and let go, then it moves the ementire movie/em to the new event.  brbr  Other than just taking a screen-shot without knowing whether-or-not br the screenshot is at the actual resolution, is there any way to br extract a single frame from iMovie 10.0.3 that actually works?  (In particular, a way of playing it at actual size that lets me advance frame-by-frame would suffice. br However, bear in mind that I do not know the actual size.)  <answer294554> In my copy of iMovie (v10.1.6) you can do this easily:  precodeFile &gt; Share &gt; Image... /code/pre  And it will prompt you to save a jpeg of the current frame.  Alternatively export a high quality video ("Theatre" ?) go to the frame you want to capture and select Copy from the Edit menu. Open Preview.app and select File  new From Clipboard and you have your screen capture.  <comment371785> note I don't have access to that particular version of iMovie. It may be different. <comment371862> When I go to `File  Share`, the options that come up for me are the same as those that come up for me when I click the "Share" button. ​ (In particular, no "Image" option comes up for me.) ​ ​ ​ ​ <comment371950> Then the export JPEG function of "Share..." has been changed with the version I have. Can you update to the latest version?