Booting from / running apps on external HD <body> I am considering buying an iMac and having had SSD's in my previous two laptops, I have no desire to go back to a non-SSD internal drive (or Fusion Drive, as the SSD part is so tiny) - in my nearly 30 years of owning Macs, the single biggest speed boost I ever felt was when using an SSD for the first time in an old TiBook. I'm also not excited about upgrading to an internal SSD because of the lack of upgradability and Apple mark-up price.  Therefore, I'm looking at options for an external drive of SSD-type speed to complement the standard non-SSD internal iMac drive. Ideally, I'd be able to boot off of the external drive (OS X and potentially Boot Camp) and run applications, but I'd be fine keeping my photo library / music library / typical documents on the internal drive.  From the way that I understand how external drives work (please correct me if I'm wrong!), there are two different speed issues to consider - the connection type (e.g. USB 3.1, USB C) and the drive type (SSD or 5400 rpm, 7200rpm, etc). Am I right in thinking that if I got an external non-SSD drive, no matter what connection type/speed it had, it wouldn't feel any faster than the stock internal drive? And if that means that I should be looking for an external SSD, how fast of a connection speed would I look for to have that SSD speed ("feel") to it? Would I be fine with USB 3.1's 10 Gbps or would I notice a significant difference if I went with Thunderbolt 2/3's 20/40 Gbps?  Thanks for your advice!  <comment372867> Generally, any HD will feel basically the same. Using USB 3.1 has a throughput of 10Gbps or 1.25GB/s. That's around twice as fast as any SATA SSD, since SATA only handles around 600MB/s max. If you were to get an M.2 NVMe drive, they could reach about 2.5GB/s, but I don't think there are any enclosures available with more than a USB 3.0 connection. <comment372870> Ah that is super helpful, I hadn't read carefully enough in articles to see the distinction between SATA ssd and PCIe ssd. So what you're saying is that if the fastest drive I'm considering is an external SATA ssd then USB 3.1 or thunderbolt 1 is plenty fast enough to handle that (for a typical user, which I would surely consider myself) and no need to go for thunderbolt 2 or 3? Thanks for your help!