What URL does Recovery HD connect to in order to download OS X? <body> My college Wi-Fi Network doesn't support OS X reinstalls through Recovery HD. If I were to ask the people in charge of our Network to manually enable access to Apple's Servers so that I could do reinstalls over Wi-Fi, what would I need to tell them to allow?  <answer228113> Have a look at: OS X: Ports and hosts used by OS X Recovery      In order to reinstall OS X using the OS X Recovery or Lion Internet   Recovery, you must be able to connect to the Internet. If your   computer is behind an external proxy server or firewall, your network   administrator will need to ensure that you can resolve DNS for the   following hosts and contact them on ports 80 (HTTP) and 443 (HTTPS):      osrecovery.apple.combr   oscdn.apple.com      Note: Each hostname may resolve to a different IP address each time it   is used.   <answer228117> Checking a virtual El Capitan Recovery HD trying to restore El Capitan with WireShark a lot more hosts are involved:  precodeswscan.apple.com sr.symcd.com s2.symcd.com osrecovery.apple.com oscdn.apple.com init.itunes.apple.com xp.apple.com buy.itunes.apple.com sb.symcd.com evsecure-ocsp.verisign.com osxapps.itunes.apple.com init-cdn.itunes-apple.com.akadns.net mzuserxp.itunes-apple.com.akadns.net /code/pre  Some of them are aliases to akamaiedge.net or edgekey.net hosts.  The ports needed are 53 (dns), 80 (http) and 443 (https).  <comment278069> Since the Network Administrator is already disallowing OS X Internet Recovery Mode to begin with, he/she probably doesn't need you to tell  him/her anything as he/she could change whatever is already being blocked. <comment278083> Since the requirement are as stated in my answer, an excerpt of an official Apple support document, I'd venture to say as long as those requirements are met the recovery would proceed regardless of what Wireshark shows on an unfettered connection. <comment278114> @user3439894 - you're assuming it's intentionally blocked. I'd suggest on a campus network that it's something that no-one has yet thought to open. Same result, different reasoning.