Prevent auto-pairing for certain devices (Bluetooth) <body> I have a Early 2011 Macbook Pro 13" running OS X 10.10.1 (Yosemite).   At work, I have a Apple Magic Trackpad and an Apple Wireless Keyboard, both which use Bluetooth. When I get to work, my Mac automatically connects to both of them (if Bluetooth is on).  At home, I have a Belkin F8Z492-P Bluetooth Audio Adapter hooked up to my stereo (sorry, no product page available). If Bluetooth is on, my audio will automatically be routed to the Bluetooth adapter (which is something I rarely want).   How can I make OS X automatically connect to my trackpad and keyboard at work but not automatically connect to the bluetooth audio adapter at home?   Currently, I shut Bluetooth off when I get home, but I'd like to avoid toggling Bluetooth when I get home/when I get to work, since it is quite annoying to start typing on the wireless keyboard and have nothing happen, or not have audio when I get home.  If this is not possible, can I prevent OS X from switching my audio automatically when connecting to the Bluetooth audio adapter?  <answer177330> This is a bit of a long shot, but at home go into System Preferences  Sound  Output and manually select the Default option (Usually Speakers).  This means that OS X will re-prioritise so that when the Belkin F8Z492-P Bluetooth Audio Adapter becomes available, you'd rather use the default option.  Then, when you want to use it, select it via the AirPlay menu (if possible) because that doesn't affect OS X's priorities. If it is not available via the AirPlay menu then you will just have to manually switch forward and back with the System Preferences app, unless you feel like diving into some AppleScripting.  <answer226169> I had the same problem and FINALLY found a workable solution. Run this in your terminal. After this you just need to manually connect to your bluetooth audio system.  precodesudo defaults write /Library/Preferences/com.apple.Bluetooth.plist DontPageAudioDevices 1 /code/pre  <comment187493> I'd rather not have to un-pair and re-pair it when I want to use it, since the actual adapter is in an inconvenient place. <comment274862> Thanks! It would be great if this was some GUI setting. <comment330192> Not only does it do this when the Macbook is asleep, it also opens iTunes (which I don't use), and there could be ~3 different devices connecting to the speaker when I switch it on, leading to the hilarious "who is hijacking my speaker?" game. <comment367260> For clarity, your Mac will not auto-connect to audio devices but will continue auto-connecting to other devices, right? <comment367467> Exactly, so for example my mac will still automatically connect to my keyboard and mouse but if I want to connect to my stereo I need to manually select it from the bluetooth list of devices.