Apple emate (newton) replacement <body> I'm looking for a modern device that would replace the Apple emate (newton).  I'm really looking for a text entry tool without the distractions of the internet or other  apps.  Actually something like a modern TRS-80 would do too.  <answer71080> The AlphaSmart Neo is a great tool for this. It's bigger than a Newton but easily fits in most small bags, briefcases, shoulder bags.  ol liRuns on 3 AA batteries for a year or more./li liSends text to a computer or iOS (or other) device via USB. Emulates a keyboard. No software needed for file transfers./li liSimple to use: turn it on, write, turn it off. Everything saved in flash memory./li liHas 8 files, opened by pushing a button on the keyboard. /li liHas a full-size hardware keyboard and a great feel. Touch typing on it is wonderful./li liIt's durable./li /ol  Note that this is a relatively low tech device with a very low resolution LCD screen that only shows a few lines of text. But, it's simple, works reliably, and is inexpensive. I used one of these for years before more modern tools eclipsed it. It was originally designed for the education and special education market but many of us found it exactly right for our professional writing needs and it had and maybe still has a cult following in the business and higher ed communities.  <answer71092> iPod touch, use parental controls to remove safari and other unwanted options, throw everything else into a folder on the last home screen, leave just notes or another text entry app on your home screen, stick it in airplane mode.  <comment82547> I think that's a great idea. I think the iPad mini is another great option as it would do better with text entry, but would allow all the same restrictions. <comment82552> This is a bit of a "Let's go shopping" question, and not a great fit for the site (See out Q&A, er, Q&A...) - given that it's an apple site, there's no product we can recommend that doesn't have apps and internet etc.  Perhaps if you expanded on your requirements further, we can point you to the most appropriate apple device, but everything else would be off topic. <comment82553> This needs to be firmed up to list what about a modern TRS-80 makes for a good device. Hardware shopping is off topic, but if this can be more about the software we try to be more open to ones that are useful. If not, this might make a good chat room topic for a dedicated room if there is enough interest.