How to prevent reopening of all programs after power outage <body> When shutting down or logging out regularly, there is an option to reopen, or not, all the programs and their respective windows upon logging in again.  That option for me is unchecked, and the OS seems to remember that choice.  Likewise, in the General panel of System Preferences, I have it set to NOT reopen windows/documents when relaunching programs.  However, if the new login occurs after a power outage, every single program that was previous opened gets opened up and attempts to load the windows that were open, rendering my computer basically unusable for almost ten minutes or more (I often have dozens of programs open and we won't even talk about number of tabs on Chrome).  Is there a way to suppress the relaunching of programs and previously opened documents permanently and definitively?  I'm on Sierra.  <answer271716> Have a look at Temporarily Disable Login Items in Mac OS X.     strongHow to Temporarily Disable Login Items in OS X/strong      To temporarily disable all login items and login apps from loading   upon start or login of OS X, stronghold down the Shift key/strong when clicking the   “login” button and continue holding the Shift until the desktop   displays on the Mac. This is how it works on a password protected Mac.   Generally speaking, all Macs should use a password for login.      If for whatever reason the Mac does not have a password protection set   on boot or login, you can still disable the login items, but the   timing is slightly different.      strongHow to Temporarily Disable Login Items on a Non-Password Protected Mac/strong      For Macs without a password set, you can hold the shift key after the   initial grey Apple logo boot screen has passed. If you start holding   Shift too early though, you will end up in Safe Mode* instead.   I do not know if the will also keep the other App's and there windows from opening however you can give this a try to see if it does.  Sorry, I do not want to crash my system just to test to see if it does both.  <comment341521> @user3439894 or I could just get a Tesla Powerwall too I suppose. The question isn't how to gracefully shutdown, it's about how to actually restart without reopening programs. The same issue happens with kernel panics or ANY other unexpected reboot.