Bright-Pixel Policy for MacBook Pro <body> Recently bought a 13" MacBook Pro on Apple Store. I just discovered a "stuck pixel" which shines red when it's supposed to be black.  I can't find any pixel policy on the web page. Do they have such policy? Does anyone have any experience from trying to return / change the product?  (Bought it in Sweden if it matters.)  <answer41648> Your Macbook comes with a worldwide one year limited warranty.     Apple [...] warrants this Apple-branded hardware product against strongdefects in materials and workmanship under normal use/strong for a period of ONE (1) YEAR from the date of retail purchase by the original end-user purchaser (“Warranty Period”). If a hardware defect arises and a strongvalid claim/strong is received within the Warranty Period, at its option, Apple will either...      ol   lirepair the hardware defect at no charge, using new or refurbished replacement parts, or/li   liexchange the product with a product that is new or which has been manufactured from new or serviceable used parts and is at least functionally equivalent to the original product, or/li   lirefund the purchase price of the product. /li   /ol   See to your preferred Apple-Certified-Reseller with your Macbook and state your claim. You should be proposed a fix at not cost if the defect is due to bad material or workmanship under normal use.  <answer41653> From this OS X Daily article, the official dead/stuck pixel policy (from 2010) is:     strongApple’s Dead &amp; Stuck Pixel Policy/strong      Here’s the breakdown from the leaked Genius chart:      ul   liiPod nano, iPod touch, and iPhone screens: repair or replace after 1 or more dead pixels/li   liiPad: repair or replace after 3 or more dead pixels/li   liMacBook, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro 13″ and 15″ models: strongreplace after 4 or more bright pixels, 6 or more dark pixels/strong/li   liMacBook Pro 17″, displays up to 20″: replace after 5 or more bright pixels, 7 or more dark pixels/li   liiMac 24″ and iMac 27″, Apple Cinema Displays from 22″ to 30″: replace after 9 or more bright pixels, 11 or more dark pixels/li   /ul   However, the article also suggests that real world treatment can be very different:     strongApple’s Official Dead Pixel Policy vs Real World Experience/strong      While the official guidelines for handling dead pixels seem strict, I   suspect there is a larger policy at the Apple Store for ensuring   customer satisfaction. Speaking from direct experience, Apple can be   far more generous than this support document suggests. Case in point;   I purchased a MacBook Pro 13″ earlier in the year and discovered a   single dead pixel glowing bright red smack in the center of the   screen, you couldn’t miss it. I took the Mac back to the Apple Store   and an Apple Genius swapped the machine out immediately, saying he   wanted to be sure I was happy with my purchase. The new MacBook Pro’s   screen was flawless, and yes, I was happy.      My advice to anyone who is dissatisfied with either a dead or stuck   pixel is to talk to Apple, at the end of the day customer service   seems to always win out over official policy.   Your best bet is to bring in your machine to be checked out - it's quite likely that the Apple Genius that you're working with will do his/her best to make you a happy customer.  <answer41655> What I can tell you from personal experience in working at the Genius Bar is that there is actually a minimum number of pixels that have to have issues in order for them to replace the display. If memory serves, it's 3 or 4 for a 13" machine. However, if you're within 30-90 days of purchase, they will probably make an exception, especially if you mention that it's only 30-90 days old.   Alternatively, if you want to avoid going through Apple you can try running the Flurry screen saver overnight. Make sure you bump up all the settings on it. Any Genius you talk to that has been to Genius Training will try this first, probably overnight or more. Give it a shot.  <comment47256> While that would be the case with almost any other fault, Apple do have a faulty pixel policy.  Like JW01 mentioned above, it's a minimum of four bright pixels to warrant a replacement, but more often that not Apple will replace it anyway for customer satisfaction reasons.  Unfortunately I cannot link to the pixel policy, that would put me in big trouble with Apple. <comment47262> Pixels are a touchy subject since in the millions and millions of transistors - each display of a 15 inch size will have tens if not hundreds of faulty transistors. Most screens have few observable pixels stuck since more than one transistor needs to fail in a certain configuration to cause a pixel to fire or not fire permanently. Get educated if you ask for a swap since the one you receive could be worse off than the one you have - so it really depends on the roll of the dice and what issues (and more importantly _where_) your current LCD panel has issues.