Why can't I change the normal template for microsoft word 2016 for mac? <body> I did a clean install of Microsoft Office for Mac 2016 from installers from my campus bookstore. I customized the install to include only Excel, Word, and PowerPoint. I have not had the previews, and I just updated to 15.14.0 (150911). I am running a brand new Macbook Pro 9,2 with Yosemite 10.10.5. Although I did a clean install, I did strongnot/strong uninstall MS Office 2011 apps. I have no issues running them concurrently.  It seems some others have found problems with altering the Normal template and found no joy from MS forums. It seems there is confusion about the directory location of saved templates. So, I have located my Word 2016 templates at:  precode/Users/&lt;username&gt;/Library/Group Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/User Content/Templates/ /code/pre  This folder currently has Normal.dotm and Normal.dotx. Following official MS advice to save-as templates does not work for me. Other user advice to save in the above location returns this dialog:     Word cannot give a document the same name as an open document.   Type a different name for the document you want to save.   (Normal.dotm)   I click OK, and then this dialog:     The document “Document1” could not be saved as “Normal.dotm”.   Should I not be trying to save Word Macro-Enabled Template (.dotm)? OK, fine. I try saving differently, via Normal.dotx, which is where the Normal.dotx got into the folder in the first place. There's no problem with that. But when I relaunch Word 2016, none of the template saves are present. Every time I start Word 2016, I get the same Draft view with fonts Calibri, etc. etc. This is not the case with Word 2011. Seems I can't beat it, so what gives?  <answer207574> This worked for me:  You may wish to update your Normal template as well.  To do so:  ul liOpen the Normal.dotm template (Note: You MUST navigate to the Normal template using the File menu in Word, and choose "Open".  Don't try it from the Finder or you will make a copy of Normal each time.)/li liClose all other documents (this is important...if you don't, Word holds a hidden instance of the old version open)./li liChange the paper size./li liAdd and remove a space from the text (to force Word to save the document)/li liSave the Normal template.  (If Word prompts you for a file name, you did not open the file correctly and you now have a copy that is not a template.  Cancel out and start again...)/li liClose Word./li /ul  Should be good when you re-open.  <answer228846> I encountered a similar problem and was able to arrive at a solution. When upgrading to Word for Mac 2016 I lost all of the customizations made to the Normal.docm template. The solution was to replace the current Normal.docm file with the old Normal.docm file. Here are the steps: Open Word for Mac and ensure all documents are closed. Then, through the Word application itself, open the Normal.docm template file associated with the old version of Word. Do this by typing .docm in the search field of the Open dialog box. You may need to ensure you are searching in the Template folder as identified in the answer above. I found a file entitled Normal.docm.bak. Once this file is opened, save it in the same location under a new file name (Normal2.docm), ensuring that is is being saved as a Microsoft Word Macro-enabled Template. This can be selected in the File Format drop down box. Uncheck the Hide Extensions checkbox to ensure the file type is not .docx or anything else. Reopen this Normal2.docm file and convert it to the Word 2016 format by selecting the "Convert Document" command (File -- Convert Document). Next, Quit Word and search for Normal2.docm in Finder. Open the folder that contains this file, delete Normal.docm and rename Normal2.docm as Normal.docm. Reopen Word, and your Styles associated with your old version should be restored.  <answer265261> I tried this method and found it very cumbersome and confusing. What I did instead was very simple.  After closing out of Word altogether, try the following steps:  ol liGo to File/New From Template./li liIf you see the template you want to be the default listed there, right click on it to get "View in finder."/li liYou should also see the current Normal template in that same folder. Rename that to Normal-old./li liRename the one you want to use to Normal (my old one was "normal"...note the lowercase N)./li liReopen Word and now try just creating a new document from the Blank template, or by just hitting Cmd-N. It should work now./li /ol  <answer278137> I tried all these solutions presented here, but none worked. I finally thought why not simply do a search for codeNormal.dotm/code, and who would have thought, Microsoft has changed the location of that file. Again! Go figure...  Word 2017 v15.32 (170309) is hiding the codeNormal.dotm/code file here: code~/Library/Containers/com.microsoft.Word/Data/Documents/Normal.dotm/code  Now everything is back to 'Normal' again.  <comment250865> Solution seems to have worked for the 2016 Word template. However, when I open Word 2011, I see that some of my settings in _that_ template have changed! Quirky things, like the font size is changed and the page number footer has been removed. I relaunched both versions, and same effects.