Where is Adobe hiding their files on my Mac even after removal? <body> strongNote:/strong I am not interested in piracy. Every man and his dog knows how to torrent if they so wanted to. I personally use Krita for image editing. This is a privacy concern.  So, I installed a copy of Adobe Photoshop CS5 some time ago for some University work. I used it a handful of times and never bothered to remove it.  Today I removed it completely and every Adobe folder on my Mac. Including those under code/Library/code and code~/Library/code.  I again reinstalled it. My theory was if all the files are in fact gone then it should allow me to trial again. Not that I wanted to trial it again, it's purely to see if all files were gone.  As expected, no free trial available. Which means somewhere on my computer buried deep somewhere are files left from Adobe.  I don't consider this good practice on their part and I certainly don't appreciate the unknowns being left on my computer. Their uninstaller should have removed everything, but it didn't. What else is lurking hidden in some obscure directories I don't know ... but I would like to find out.  I find this a privacy and possibly a security concern. I know Adobe are one of the biggest companies out there, but it still doesn't excuse their bad practices.  I plan to use codeiosnoop/code to figure out what is going on, and eventually blog it if I get no results here. But if anyone knows what files are left by Adobe, and where they're located, that would save me a tonne of work.  <comment310548> It's actually a "you don't get two chances to trial it, or everybody would do it over & over again" issue. It's more likely logged at their end than yours, to prevent just this question - which has probably been asked a million times on less reputable sites - receiving a quick-fix answer. <comment310587> Nope. They do not rely on logging their end. I've tested with no Internet connection after removing all known files and it's still the same. Also, dropping hidden files on a computer after removal can not be justified by their business model. Leaving license management software on the machine after removal should be a serious issue. If this were a lesser known company people would be quick to complain, but because it's Adobe I see many making justifications for them. It's absurd.