Earthed (Grounded) Stubby Plug for MacBook AC Adapter <body> Much hay has been made of the apparent grounding issue while using the stubby plug on a MacBook AC adapter.  While I understand it is completely safe to have a bit of grounding flowing through the user, those of us who live and work in the tropics would love to find a strongemgrounded (earthed)/em/strong stubby plug adapter.  I see no reason this shouldn't exist, given that the longer cable is grounded via the metal stump on the AC adapter, but I haven't found one.  Notably, I am in Australia, where the plug head doesn't fold over anyhow, but I'd also love a US version.  <answer158807> The AC cable is grounded up to the Power supply connection. The 3 pin grounded cable goes to a 2 pin connector which then plugs into the adapter.  This means that the grounding is not even connected so there is absolutely no difference safety-wise.   Main reason is for those places where you have to rotate the wall plug to insert, or you need to insert a grounding pin into the plug to activate.  There is no grounding on the output site of the power adapter, thus your Mac is not grounded.  <answer289117> I have only just discovered this problem with a 2017 MacBook Pro. I get a tingling feeling from the MacBook and realised that the earth part of the apple UK 13 amp plug is a dummy (not connected with the circular locking spur on the charger unit) but I noticed on my early MacBook Air that there was an earth connector on the apple plug and so I swapped it and now I do not have the tingling problem. I do have it on the Air with the new "improved" apple plug.  <comment154814> I would pay careful attention to the quality of one not offered by Apple. <comment154841> Quality should be much less of a concern here than with the much-publicized cases of the iPhone and iPad charger clones, since we're talking about the AC end of things and there is no fancy circuitry or tight tolerances involved here. The OP is looking for what amounts to a very, very short 3-prong extension cord. <comment365209> I don't think this is quite true that the ground isn't connected on the 3 pin cable. The 3 pin cable does indeed drop to the two pins on the adapter, but if you look inside the retaining clip, you'll notice metal contacts that connect to the center (metal) post on the adapter when they're connected. <comment371637> While the answer is written in a very authoritative tone, it is simply false - the 3 pin grounded cable goes to a 2 pin connector with a metal contact inside, where it clips over the metal post on the adapter. This contact provides the 3rd point of contact for the ground. <comment372047> That's how I learned of the issue as well. I got a little tingling sensation from a MacBook Pro. I could feel it in my earbuds too -- pretty annoying. Suspecting grounding I went with the long grounded cable. But why is grounding only available as a 6-foot cable? <comment372662> There is no grounding on the 2 prong plug from Power Supply that plugs in directly into wall outlet, with two prongs, not 3 (thus the ground pin is not there). The device is completely floating (not grounded) because the power supply is isolated from the AC side.