Array of weird problems with MacBook Pro <body> I am currently having strange problems with my MacBook Pro (mid 2012, running MacOS 10.12.5). It started two days ago with me watching a YouTube video and the computer freezing with the beach ball being displayed but not moving. I rebooted and the system started to behave strangely:   ul liChrome URL autocomplete wouldn’t work properly (displaying sites I’ve only visited once instead of the most visited one)/li liRandom operations were unusually slow/li liCommands entered into the shell would not be recognized/li liAfter some time I wasn't able to launch any apps anymore/li /ul  I rebooted two more times and things were apparently back to normal.  The next day the system froze again and after restarting it got even worse. All of the above problems reappeared and on top of that it was strongapparently impossible to write to the disk at all/strong - all related operations failed. Rebooted again and things seemed to work for a while…  My first thought was that this might be a hard disk problem or maybe also broken RAM. I ran first aid from Disk Utility in both the OS itself and recovery mode multiple times. It fixed an error (I have to admit that I forgot which) but it didn’t help eventually. I ran the First Aid test multiple times after that and they always reported that there were no problems with the disk.  I tried DriveDX which displayed no HD problems except for an increase in CRC Read Errors (which I don’t think would cause such erratic behavior?). Self testing didn’t report any errors.  I ran the Apple Hardware Test tool (short and extended test) which also told me that there were no problems.  After one of countless reboots it got even worse: I can’t log in to either of my two admin accounts anymore - the progress circle just keeps on spinning forever.  Logging into a guest account works, though, and things seem to work fine here. My files seem to be all still there.  Booting in safe mode didn’t change anything and neither did clearing NVRAM.  I tried reinstalling the OS from Recovery and the download finished but after rebooting the installation got stuck at “28 minutes remaining” for at least 9 hours and I had to turn the computer off at that point. After turning it on again nothing had changed.  I do have a Time Machine backup on an external drive at home but I am currently travelling and will be for another month…which also makes it hard to schedule an appointment at an Apple Store.  I think it might be a software problem after all and I somehow broke the admin accounts. I am currently writing from the guest account and as far I can tell everything is working as usual…  Maybe someone has an idea on what could help…it would be really important to me that I get this fixed before I am back home or at least find out if there's something wrong with the Mac's hardware or not. Erasing the disk for a clean install is not an option since I would need access to my backup for that…  Thank you!  <comment373709> You said you were travelling... But why not buy (or beg steal, borrow) an external drive and create a backup now then re-install the system to see if that helps? <comment373711> An increase in CRC errors and at one point impossible to write to the disk?  **Your drive is failing**.  See this post for more info:  https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/260139/macbook-pro-hard-drive-failing/260141#260141.  To further confirm this, please post the type of drive you have and the output of `diskutil info disk0 | grep -i smart`