Secure VPN configuration in iPhone for malicious WIFI hotspots <body> I would like to use a secure VPN configuration in my iPhone (iOS 5.1), to be able to use Internet thru hostile wifi hotspots.  I have already configured an IPSec tunnel to a server I control. I can manually activate the VPN in the phone and be "quite" sure nobody can snoop the WIFI data to/from my phone.  But this scenario has a few problems:  ol liIn my VPN, I send a secure DNS configuration to the phone at tunnel creation time. What happen to any DNS record cached?. Is it purged and refetched thru the tunnel?. Leaking DNS data, beside leaking info, can be used as an attack vector AFTER the tunnel is UP and running./li liHow can I know that ALL data is send thru the tunnel?./li liThe tunnel must be activated manually. If you forget, you are KO./li liIf the tunnel breaks, my data is at risk. Since the tunnel can break anytime, including because malicious action, I have to keep a constant eye on the VPN icon. And even if I am fast to stop the data traffic, I am going to leak potentially sensitive data./li /ol  Briefly, I would like to be able to use only internet THRU the tunnel. I rather lose Internet service than using the connection with no VPN connection. But I don't see how to do it. Does exist any configuration in iPhone 5.1 to force that ANY internet traffic to go thru a VPN?.  Any advice?.  Thanks!.  <answer49089> Let me share my personal experience with you. Whenever I want to protect my personal data and my personal files over wifi or hotspots I personally use PureVPN as a reliable provider on my iPhone. When you connect VPN on iPhone you see provider name logo on the top of your screen. Even when my VPN connection drops, it give me a message that your VPN connection drop to allow me to take a minute before sending my personal files on the internet.  Moreover, if you want to find how to connect VPN connection on iPhone you can follow this pictorial tutorial http://www.purevpn.com/config/iphone/ 