Bug or hardware problem? MBP completely shuts down overnight after unplugging the power cable <body> I'm experiencing a recurring problem with my 2015 rMBP wherein it will completely shut down (or crash) overnight. It happens like this:  ol liI'm working at my desk, laptop is plugged in and connected to external displays with the lid closed/li lilock computer (using Keychain Access menu bar icon) and/or put it directly to sleep/li lioccasionally the bright green LED of the power cord will bother me while I'm trying to sleep, so I'll unplug the power cord/li liwhen I wake up the next day, I sometimes try to wake up the machine using my bluetooth keyboard, forgetting that it's unplugged/li liplug the laptop back in (external displays still connected) and try to wake up the laptop using my bluetooth keyboard again, nothing happens/li liopen lid, it seems to be completely off; nothing displayed on screen, keys don't wake it up, force touch trackpad doesn't click/li lihold power button for a while, nothing happens/li lirelease power button, hold it again, computer boots up as if it was fully shut down/li /ol  I've had the logic board replaced (for an unrelated reason—I can't recall if this was happening with the original logic board, although that one had its own problems which were remedied after replacement), I've tried reformatting, starting from scratch, restoring Time Machine backups, resetting the SMC, etc.—none of this works and Apple support is unhelpful (they just tell me to repeat all of these steps each time I talk to them).  Have any of you had a similar problem? Is my machine crashing, or is this behavior expected for some reason that I don't understand? Is OS X / macOS just extremely unstable, or is there a hardware problem with this particular laptop? I used an old Lenovo ThinkPad with Linux for years and I honestly can't recall a single crash of this kind. This Macbook has to be the most unstable machine I've ever used.  strongedit / tl;dr/strong: Ranting aside, I'm hoping that someone who works at a desk with their Macbook plugged in and attached to external displays most of the time can chime in about their experience one way or the other. My setup/workflow can't possibly be that much of an edge case, right?  For what it's worth, this is just one of a number of situations where the machine appears to crash. The others seem sporadic, such as one which seems to relate to having a thunderbolt-ethernet adapter connected (along with external displays) while resuming from sleep (not to mention macOS's inability to handle having both wifi and ethernet active simultaneously without features like Continuity breaking).  On a related note, why am I losing 5+% battery overnight (~8 hours) while the laptop is sleeping? Is this normal for Macbooks?  This machine has been crashing sporadically since I bought it last year, and if the problem outlined in this post is indeed a hardware issue, this will be the third time I've had the laptop serviced. If that is the situation, is there anything I can do to simply have what seems like a dud of a machine outright replaced? I'm worried that I seem like one of those nightmare customers who invents problems to complain about, but I'm past my limit with issues I'm having with this machine.  <comment324023> If you get any errors in Console, please paste them into your question.  It's difficult to troubleshoot your problem based on what's there now.  If your MBP is still under warranty, and based on what you've described, I would take it to Apple ASAP and have them replace it.