Do any RSS apps available for OS X and/or iOS sync via anything other than Google Reader? <body> I recently switched from NetNewsWire to Reeder on my iPhone and iPad because a) Reeder as a “Mark as unread” button, and b) I thought NetNewsWire was marking older articles as read, and not letting me switch them back.  I soon realised that old articles were being actually marked as read because Google Reader does that after a month.  Whilst I prefer Reeder’s UI, I think it’s (currently) purely a Google Reader front-end. Are there any RSS apps that sync via some service, free or paid, other than Google Reader, and thus let me keep articles as unread for more than a month?  NetNewsWire used to sync via NewsGator, but I believe NewsGator no longer offer an RSS sync service.   <answer10633> My last comment just gave me one idea that might solve your issue: Google's Feedburner. You can configure it to send emails from any feed. It will be little troublesome at first as it's a long manual job. Seems like it is unsupported and not really meant to be used like this. But it works perfectly!  Here are some quotes from its own help:     h2What triggers the email to be sent out?/h2      FeedBurner sends subscribers a daily   digest of new content from your blog,   so a new post, new title, link, or   change to the published date will   trigger the email delivery. If you do   not post anything that day, no email   is sent out.      FeedBurner only keeps a change history   for items currently listed in the   feed. Once they “drop off the bottom”   of the feed, the system forgets about   them completely. If you re-introduced   them later by increasing the number of   items your feed contains, this will   result in the newly included items   being delivered via email as “new”   content.      h2How much does this service cost and what methods of payment are accepted?/h2      FeedBurner Email is a free service.   However, we do accept voluntary   payment in the form of props and   general goodwill.      h2How do you get started?/h2      Sign in to your FeedBurner account,   select your feed, navigate to the   Publicize tab and select "Email   Subscriptions."   <answer16411> Given the absence of answers (aside from Cawas’ sterling efforts), I’m going to call this one a “no” for now. The situation emmight just/em change once iOS 5 and iCloud go live.  <comment11046> I don't really want to defend g reader's nonsensical behavior, but I would seriously consider *news* article older than a month old enough to not be news anymore. If it were 1 year I'm sure every one who isn't a monk would agree with me. <comment11122> @Cawas: sure, I’m not necessarily saying Google Reader’s wrong or rubbish here (it’s a free service after all), just that it doesn’t fit my usage pattern well. Just because something’s on RSS doesn’t mean it’s *news* though. <comment11129> What I mean is that there are other ways to read news and keep updated. Have you tried, for instance, [readitlater](http://readitlaterlist.com/)? <comment11133> @Cawas: I’ve not (I’m on Instapaper), but my use case for my RSS reader is: “Show me every new thing posted on this set of websites, and let me mark it as read once I’ve read it.” I assumed readitlater, like Instapaper, doesn’t do that. <comment11138> Indeed it doesn't. It looks like Instapaper is basically the same thing. And I see where your urge from doing that comes from. I've tried doing the same with RSS readers, including google's, but I could never keep on. One day was enough for late news and way too much crap. I assume if you have a good list of RSS it might work, but I decided to just reach for other means. When I want to read news, I google for them, read around anywhere. And I get some feeds on email. That's about it. So, I keep my vote up (not like I could easily remove it anyway) and my wish to you for good luck! :P <comment11141> @Cawas: oh yeah, it only works because I tend to read sites that either post little links to other sites where I can quickly decide if I want to read it or not, or that post reasonably infrequent longer articles that I always want to read. (Daring Fireball is the prime example of this.) If I don’t want to read most of what a site publishes, I don’t subscribe to it. RSS isn’t about news for me, it’s about things I’m interested in. <comment11159> Paul, one more reason for you to consider my answer! ;)