Cant open my new iPhone <body> I used to have an iPhone 5c and i used iTunes to back up it on my windows laptop.   Now I've got an iPhone 7 and I am trying to set it up but I can't.  First, I entered my iCloud and tried to "restore from iCloud backup".  It works until it is 99% and then it gives me a message that it can't be done.   I tried to get the backup from iTunes "restore from iTunes backup".  The laptop didn't recognize the phone and told me that it needs the last version.  I tried to download it but it didn't work either.  Now if I choose to "set up as new phone" will all my data be lost, especially my contacts, notes, whatapp history, photos, etc?   What do I need to do to get it working?  Thanksimg src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/0NyLw.jpg" alt="enter image description here"  <answer261236> iOS backups are tied to the version of iOS on your device. You can't restore a backup on a device running and older version of iOS than was used to make the backup.  I had the same problem last week with my new iPad. It shipped with some version of iOS 9. Here's what I did to fix it:  ol liDon't worry about setting it up as a new iPhone. You will be able to restore from your backup later./li liSet it up as a new iPhone. You will probably have to put your iTunes account information./li liIf it asks you about making backups, skip that part./li liOnce you are through to the home screen, run the Settings app and update to the latest version of iOS./li liOnce the latest version of iOS is installed reset all settings on your phone. When the phone reboots you should be back at the setup screens. /li liNow you should be able to restore from either iCloud or iTunes backups./li /ol  You can also use iTunes on your Mac to download and install the iOS update.  <comment327047> "told me that it needs the last version"... of what, iTunes itself? iPhone 7 will only work with very recent versions of iTunes, older ones just don't know what an iPhone 7 is. What OS are you using? Is it new enough to be able to use the latest iTunes?