After disabling iCloud Photo Library, cannot re-enable due to insufficient iCloud Storage <body> In an attempt to troubleshoot an apparently "stuck" upload process with iCloud Photo Library, I tried a suggestion I read about in Apple's own forums: Disable and then Re-Enable iCloud Photo Library.  Unfortunately, after doing so, I've apparently run into an unforeseen edge case from Apple. My iPhone refuses to re-enable iCloud Photo Library due to insufficient iCloud storage. The assumption from iCloud seems to be that all my local photos would be "new" to iCloud. In reality, my iCloud storage is adequate, since all my local photos should be detected as duplicates and not actually added to the iCloud Photo Library.  At the moment, it appears my only option is to upgrade my storage just for the purpose of re-enabling this feature. Am I overlooking any other clever solutions?  <answer184703> A suggestions I've seen on other Q&amp;A forums is to use another device with iCloud Photo Library enabled and wipe the Library so there is enough space for all your photos to be re-added.  If you don't have another device with iCloud Photo Library, I believe you can delete the files from General  iCloud  Storage  Manage on an iDevice.  <answer235333> You could create a new library in Photos, enable iCloud Photo Library, and let Photos download all your photos and videos. Once you've verified all photos and videos downloaded properly (this could take a great deal of effort!) you could then delete the old library from your hard drive.  To create a new library in Photos:  ol liHold down the codeoption/code key while opening the Photos app. A window should appear which, among other things, has a codeCreate New/code button./li liClick the codeCreate New/code button which should open a codeSave As/code dialog./li liEnter the name you want to use for the new library and choose a location./li liClick codeOK/code and you should be using the new library at this point./li liEnable iCloud Photo Library as usual in the settings and let the downloading commence!/li /ol  <comment219013> Deleting all the photos from iCloud would possibly solve the problem, unfortunately with the disadvantage of having to re-upload around 12GB of photos and videos. Another option might be to do the reverse: delete all local files and re-enable iCloud Photo Library. Downloading should be faster than uploading. My biggest concern in either scenario is that iCloud might "misinterpret" this act as a desire to delete those files completely. <comment219015> @Avian00 Deleting local files doesn't seem to effect photos on iCloud (tested it) but iCloud isn't the most stable platform around so I'd recommend waiting longer for the upload but retaining a local copy. <comment271766> I'm looking for a similar solution to this... except my library is 680Gb so deleting it and re-downloading isn't really an option!