Any issues with creating a bootable USB Windows 10 installer via Boot Camp Assistant? <body> I recently built my own PC. I didn't install an optical drive. So in order to install Windows 10, I downloaded a .iso from Microsoft and tried to create a bootable installer on a USB drive on my Mac.  First, I tried following the instructions here, using the codesudo dd/code command to copy the Windows files from the .iso and to try to create a bootable USB drive. It appeared to copy things successfully to the drive, but when I tried plugging the drive into my new PC and booting it, it didn't detect any bootable USB drive. In other words, it seemed to fail to create a usable installer that my machine was detecting it could boot from.  So instead, I erased the drive using Disk Utility and formatted it to use the DOS_FAT_32 filesystem and the MBR partition scheme. Then, I used Boot Camp Assistant to create a Windows installer on the USB drive (selecting "Create a Windows 7 or later version install disk"). This seemed to have worked. After Boot Camp Assistant did it's thing, I plugged the drive into my PC and booted it. My PC detected that the drive was bootable, and I successfully installed Win10 from it. But when Windows started up after finishing being installed, a warning message popped up saying something to the effect of "This machine isn't compatible with Boot Camp" (I don't remember the exact error message).  This brings me to my question: are there any negative side effects to installing Windows on a PC via a USB drive that was created by Boot Camp Assistant on OS X? I imagine that Boot Camp Assistant just bundles some extra drivers along with the Windows installer that would be necessary if you were installing Windows on a Mac machine (for Boot Camp), and I don't think those extra drivers should harm anything now that I've installed Windows on my PC. I imagine the message I saw was due to the presence of those drivers/extra support libraries. But for my peace of mind, I'm hoping someone here can help confirm that hypothesis for me :)  Thanks, and apologies for the long post! 