iCloud keychain problems - asking passwords, can't change password, can't unsync <body> Main symptom: When I reboot I get multiple prompts asking for the "local items" keychain password.  Details:   ul liThe password required is my old iCloud password, not my current user account password nor my current iCloud password/li liThe keychain access program lists "local items" as a keychain until I log in to one with my old password -- after which it changes to "iCloud"/li liThe option to reset the password for both local items (before entering the PW) and iCloud keychain (after) are both greyed out. /li liI cannot stop syncing my iCloud keychain. When I uncheck the box, the box rechecks itself in a second or two./li lito confuse things, I used my iCloud account as my login for the computer briefly/li /ul  I have looked at several topics to guide me, but none of them have led to a resolution as it seems the problem is always slightly different.   Any help is highly appreciated!  <answer218694> I had the same problem, also tied to using my iCloud account to login.  I was able to resolve the issue by going to System Preferences  iCloud and deselecting 'Keychain' from the list. This reverted the "iCloud" keychain to "local items" in Keychain Access.  The next time the "unlock local items" pop-up appeared, I entered the password and got another pop-up asking me to change my password (enter old, enter new, re-enter new).  I changed the password there to match my login password, logged out and then back in again, and haven't received anymore notifications.  <comment263665> Just commenting to say I have this same problem and haven't found a solution yet either. <comment371145> Like the original question, for me if I go to System Preference, iCloud and untick 'Keychain' a second later it ticks itself. <comment372027> This starts to happens to me after change admin password. I followed some instructions in Apple's support website but didn't work. The password for keychains remains the old one, that's why keep asking for it.