Can I add emojis to touch bar globally? <body> I really like the emojis that appear on the touch bar in the Messages app. Is it possible to get this in other programs too? I can't see it in "System Preferences  Keyboard  Customize Control Strip" and it's actually the only useful thing I've found on the touch bar so far !  <answer277888> No. Currently there is no native way to do this and I doubt any third parties have managed to.  Each app has to build its own specific functionality for the touch bar. Depending on what view your on (i.e. composing vs reading email) on which app (mail vs safari) there is typically an option to "customize touch bar" in the menu on the top left of your screen that will be specific to that view.  Customize allows you to pick certain things you can add to your touch bar. Emojis are available in Mail and Safari (in addition to messages).  "Customize control strip" (in System Preferences) lets you edit the 4 slots that are always present on the right of the touch bar in addition to the view of the whole touch bar when you click the expansion arrow. These interact with the computer directly, not the app that you are using.  Update: Chrome now supports touch bar! Still no emoji button on the Mac or chrome strip...hopefully it will arrive soon.  hr  strongMac Emoji Keyboard Shortcut:/strong kbdctrl/kbd + kbdcmd/kbd + kbdspace/kbd  <answer284395> Chrome Canary (in Beta) adds support to the Touchbar, but I don't believe it's possible to set the bar to emojis.  <answer292985> Try ChatMate for WhatsApp. It has the touch bar capabilities.   <comment349724> thanks,  you've answered the spirit of my question, since i really was wanting it in chrome, i'm just gonna switch to safari for a while  <comment369674> Welcome to Ask Different!  We're trying to find the best answers and those answers will provide info as to why they're the best. Explain why you think the software you recommended is better than others out there.  Providing links can also help the OP, and others, find the software and evaluate it themselves.  See [answer] on how to provide a quality answer. - From Review