Macbook Pro SATA cable/controller problem? <body> Yesterday my Mac (Macbook Pro 13", 2012) started to freeze complete so I had to shut it down by holding the power button. After that, a prohibit/stop sign appeared so I thought that this lead to a hard-drive failure. Then, I booted from an USB stick (Sierra) and wanted to copy my files via the Terminal to another backup drive. At some point during the copy operation the system began to freeze again.  After that, I removed the internal SSD and put it in a case to connect it to my other Mac. To my surprise, I did not notice any copy errors when transferring the files to my backup drive on my second Mac. After everything was backed up I was ready to erase my SSD and install Sierra again. So I put the SSD back in my Mac, booted from USB (Sierra), started the Disk Utility tool and tried to erase everything. However, that did not work due to a failure when ejecting the Disk. After some investigations on the command-line, I gave up and put the SSD again in a case to erase it with my second Mac. That worked without any problems, so I then proceeded to put it again in my (damaged) Mac to install Sierra via USB. During the installation, I received the following error:     The installer payload failed signature check.   So I though okay, maybe there is a date/time problem, so I set the date via the Terminal accordingly, but I was not able to install Sierra, because the installation log yielded that it could not remove the old mutable product. Next, I put it again in the case, erased everything with my second Mac, put it in my damaged Mac, set the time/date accordingly via Terminal and tried to install Sierra. This time I thought that everything would work. Unfortunately, it was not the case. It seemed that it froze at the beginning of the installation, because no progress was made during 9 hours.   This stressed me a little bit out, so I aborted the installation, put it in a case again and installed Sierra with my second (working) Mac. This worked absolutely fine and I was able to boot from the external SSD.  Then, I put it again in my damaged Mac and thought that I finally got everything set up. However, I received again this prohibit/stop sign. After a while, it could load from the SSD but after a reboot I get the same result. When booting from the (damaged) Mac externally with the SSD, everything works absolutely fine without any stop sign.  One importing thing, when holding down the option key, I get in the boot menu and I can see the internal SSD. However, when I select it, I get the same result. Furthermore, I also did a NVRAM/PRAM reset. Same outcome.  Could it be the case that the SATA cable is broken? How should I proceed? 