New Macbook Pro(OS 10.12.4) having issues seeing SD card <body> I am currently traveling the world and am taking quite a bit of photos/videos. I am running into an issue every now and then that I can't seem to figure out.  I have a sandisk sd card for my sony a6000 camera. I generally import photos by copying them over to my external 2tb seagate drive, however, sometimes I import directly from lightroom. Every now and then i'll forget to eject the sd card before putting the computer to sleep, i'll encounter an issue where the disk is not "ejected properly" and the mac will then forever be unable to read/see the card. Disk utility even acts like the sd card isn't inserted. My girlfriend has a MSFT Surface, so I have to get the windows machine to read the SD card, then I can insert it back into the mac to get it to read it.   Does anyone have any insight on how to get the mac to read it once again without having to have a second windows machine??  Thanks!  <comment354882> When you say _the Mac will then forever be unable to read/see the card_, do you mean even after a reboot of your Mac? Also, do you only get the disk didn't eject properly message only because you forget and put the computer to sleep, or is it that you're also removing the SD card afterwards? <comment354883> Even after a reboot. If the computer is asleep for say 3 hours, it will fire that message, even with the sd card left in. <comment354889> Does this happen even if you've left the lid open, or do you always close it after putting the MBP to sleep? Also, if you remove the SD card and then plug it back in, even after a reboot of the MBP, do you still have this problem? In other words, no matter what you do, the MBP will not recognise the SD Card again until it has been read by another computer? If so, have you tested it with another Mac when this happens, just to see if it's isolated to your particular MBP? Finally, is there anything you've tried to resolve this (such as reformatting the SD Card, testing in Safe Mode, etc)?