Forgot Password, answers to security questions, and no access to email <body> Sorry if this is a duplicate, but I have looked and do not find anything matching close enough to my situation.  I have also already contacted Apple Support so I am looking for options.  Thank you in advance for any help you can provide.  So far the two that are suggested as duplicates are not quite.  The suggested duplicates kind of answered my first question, but still wondering if anyone knows the answer to the second one.  Let me describe my situation and then I will ask my questions.  I have an iTunes account that I set up many years ago.  The account is currently locked out due to too many incorrect PW attempts.  I do not remember the answer to strongANY/strong of my security questions, there is no recovery email set up, and the email tied to the account is a very old work email for a company I no longer work for.  I cannot unlock it from iforgot.apple.com because I do not know the answer to the security questions and do not have access to the email. When I call Apple support they run through the options to confirm my identity.  Answer the security questions, I can't, Provide my password, I can't, Identify the Credit Card on file, strongI CAN DO THIS ONE/strong, and generate a PIN by logging into my account, obviously since my account is locked I cannot do that one.  Support says I have to have 2 of those methods to confirm my Identity.  Question: Do I have any options other than to, as support said "Sleep on it and see if you can remember the security questions"?  Can I escalate it through the support personnel until I reach someone that can push it through with only one of the methods rather than 2, or will they all be constrained by needing 2 of these methods?  <comment332851> I cannot unlock it from iforgot.apple.com because I do not know the answer to the security questions and do not have access to the email. <comment332853> You may want to check out my answer [here](http://apple.stackexchange.com/a/262720/168832).