Migrate Google Authenticator to new iPhone 7 <body> Just got a new iPhone 7, but when it restored it lost all my Google Authenticator two factor auth codes. I still have them all in my old phone, how can I port them to my new iPhone 7?  This is quite frustrating.  <answer260050> I was in the same situation when I was upgrading from iPhone 6 to iPhone 6s. Unfortunately, I can't tie all of those to my google account and sign in on the new device. Even if you plug in you're iPhone via iTunes and make a back up, then restore the back up, it will not carry the data to you're new device.  You have to manually re-add them to you're new device.   Since then, I stop using Google Authenticator and tried Authy. I like every single aspect of it.   <answer260055> Uhm unless I am missing something, Google has the easiest methods of getting codes back. It was actually the only easy process I had when I lost all my data from my old phone.  They actually offer a webpage that allows many ways to get your codes back. https://www.google.com/landing/2step/help.html  <answer295422> The above appears to be two different issues:  ol liGoogle Authenticator - An independent app for storing and generating token codes based on the Time based One Time Password (TOTP) protocol. Google Auth can be used by a variety of independent and unrelated services and applications./li liGoogle G-Suite (email, calendar, drive etc.) that can use a number of different two factor protocols and apps (including Google Auth above or SMS) for login authentication./li /ol  In the case of number 1 above there is not a 'simple' way to backup and restore tokens, which is by design. However there are hacks and workarounds including apps like authy and screenshotting token barcodes (yeech defeats the purpose).  In the case of number 2, G-Suite provides backup or static emergency codes as referenced by norcal above permitting login when the authenticator device/token generator is lost or not available.  <comment325614> Did you do an encrypted iTunes backup of your old device? Helps to keep all passwords, maybe it helps to keep Google Authenticator's data, too.