iPhone reports 2 Hotspot connections even though only one of my devices is connected <body> I connected to an iPhone Hotspot with a MacBook. I got internet access. Within 15-sec, the iPhone said there was a second Hotspot connection. I toggled Hotspot, reconnected, and still 2 connections. Finally, I turned off Hotspot, changed password, and re-connected the MacBook. A second connection did not happen.  My initial password was not easy to guess codep:Fucrj346Q!/code. I've never been in this location before. What could have caused the iPhone to report having 2 connections initially?  strongnote/strong: I'm at a hospital where there is an enormous number of magnetic / electrical / radioactive based monitoring equipment.  <answer268424> Other devices (including iPads, iPods, Macs, and other iPhones) connected to the same iCloud account as your iPhone will, if in WiFi range, automatically connect to your iPhone's hotspot when it's turned on (according to this Apple Support page and my personal experience). That means if any of your other devices are lying around, they will automatically connect to your iPhone's hotspot using iCloud.  strongtl;dr/strong: Other devices tied to the same iCloud account might automatically be joining your iPhone's hotspot network.  <comment336951> I would suggest that you remove your password from the passage for your own security reasons. <comment336952> @HarryBeadle That is the old password. No one knew that password, when, or where my Hotspot would pop-up. So "something else" surely must explain the second connection. <comment337051> Let me know whether my answer helps or not, just let me know and I'll try to help more! <comment337065> My only Apple devices are the MacBook and the iPhone itself. Nobody in range would have known that password. Well, Hotspot now only has one connection, so I don't technically have a problem. But seeing that extra connection pop-up freaked me out. Like I said, I was working in close range to lots of medical equipment, so who knows. <comment337068> @imaichiko Well, glad it's gone (probably the equipment?). To be safe, maybe change your iCloud password and set up two-factor authentication for it. And if it ever comes back, just let me know.