Full Time Machine restore leaves out most mail (gmail IMAP, Mail.app, 10.10.5 ) <body> I accidentally moved a whole bunch of deleted emails back into my gmail inbox &amp; folders and messed up about 3 days of filing and organising I did.  I thought I could just restore from a TM backup and then re-upload to a clean gmail (gsuite) account. So far I have tried:   ul lijust restoring the backed up V2 folder onto a new user's ~/Library/Mail/. No luck. Errors when upgrading mail DB./li liImporting the V2 folder into mail via fileimport mailboxes. Ran for hours (20GB ish of mail. fine) then when browsing the mailboxes most were empty and the ones that weren't had 1 or 2 emails in them from random dates between last week and 3+ years ago. Browsing the new user's V2 folder after the import showed no extra data except .plists./li liDoing a full system restore from recovery disk onto an empty HDD using the TM backup from the same date, opening mail.app and then letting it upgrade the DB as per usual. At a glance it appears the same few emails have restored./li /ul  It is consistent across all 3 gmail accounts I have, the only non gmail IMAP account I have restored fine. I can't see how this can happen short of a problem with the hard links TM uses and I'm in reality only restoring the changed mail data backed up on that day.  When browsing V2 in the backups.backupsdb version of that backup (star wars view is not an option. I'm away from the source iMac for a week) I see lots of folders with only .plists in them and the ones with data in them match the mailboxes that had a few emails in them.  tl;dr: Does Time Machine treat google IMAP or ~/Library/Mail/V2 any differently? Is it possible for a full TM restore to lie to you and not follow the hard links to the older versions of unchanged files? Would running migration assistant over the top of the recovery disk restored data change this behaviour?  It's not a life altering disaster, but I'm now very wary of Time Machine as a backup method. Back to nightly clones..? 