External display flickers/jitters, but only when specific apps are open <body> I'm running a Macbook Air 2014 on the final beta release of MacOS Sierra. I decided to buy an external display for use at work—I already have one for my home office that I use frequently without problem.  The monitor that I bought and am having issues with is a Dell D2015H, which is a 1080p LCD that is very much a budget choice (I didn't want to spend much). The main negatives are slow response rate (25ms), which doesn't concern me because I'm mainly using Office apps, IDEs, etc and that its only output is VGA. I'm connecting to it using a PNY-branded Mini-DP to VGA adapter that I have used sparingly with other external displays without issue. An acquaintance with a Surface Pro 3 has also used it more extensively and never voiced concerns. My spouse has used this adapter as well, but connected to a projector.  Before lugging the thing to my office, I tested it in my living room for ~5 hours and had no issues. Other peripherals are a Logitech keyboard and mouse, which link to a single USB receiver over 2.4GHz.  Now in my office, I'm having persistent issues with the external monitor's screen having this distortion that I can best describe as a jitter. It doesn't often go black entirely, but there will be a horizontal line or two that appear for an instant and one edge of the screen will seem to pull away from the edge of the actual display before resetting to normal. When it is bad, it just does this repeatedly before occasionally cutting out entirely and going to sleep mode.  This would suggest either a display issue or electromagnetic interference, right? My office space has lots of power outlets, fluorescent lights, etc.—though of course those in cubicles near me are using VGA cables with no complaints. I want to rule out an issue with the display itself since it worked perfectly well in my house.   And here's the other thing that makes me think software is playing a role. As I type this in Mozilla Firefox on the external monitor, these distortions happen only every 5 minutes or less. However, if I launch Microsoft Powerpoint, the jitters will happen rapidly and if I try to use the app much the screen will probably black out after a minute or so. If I drag the Powerpoint window to the laptop's built-in display, the issue subsides. I also had this issue with Google Chrome, though it seemed more sporadic and dependent on the web content. It improved considerably on Firefox when I disabled hardware acceleration.   Still, I used these apps in my home connected to this monitor in the same way without this symptom.  I'm trying to figure out the best troubleshooting steps, especially since I don't want to buy things that I don't need to buy just in the interest of taking shots in the dark at finding the point of failure.   Things I have done:  ul liResetting SMC and NVRAM/li liReseating each VGA connection, both into monitor and into adapter. /li liPlugging the display's power cord into different outlets./li liMoving the display to different parts of my (very small) office space./li liTaking out USB devices and powering down the peripherals that use 2.4GHz wireless./li liInstalling an Apple VGA adapter update that is almost certainly outdated./li liToggling some of the display's features like DDC/CI and LCI conditioning mode as well as doing a factory reset of it./li /ul  Steps I could take but haven't yet due to wanting feedback before performing potentially unnecessary steps that require effort or money:  ul liTake display back home to see if the issues still don't arise in that environment./li liRoll my laptop back to El Capitan to see if this is an issue introduced by MacOS Sierra/li liInstall Windows in Boot Camp to see if this is a Mac-only issue./li liBuy another VGA adapter and/or VGA cable to see if one of these is faulty./li /ul  strongEdit/strong: Some more findings that I think someone with more knowledge would find useful for diagnosis:  ul liThe jitter does not reappear at lower resolutions, like 1600x900./li liIt reappears when the refresh rate at 1600x900 is set to 75 Hertz, up from the default 60 Hertz./li /ul  This makes me lean more towards adapter/cable issues, though it doesn't explain why it worked flawlessly at my home. But I suppose an interaction of poor materials and an interference-laden environment could be to blame? 