"Your system has run out of application memory." How is that possible? <body> img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/rHYV4.png" alt="The message says: The system has ended the memory."  (Translation it-en:  Your system has run out of application memory. To avoid problems with your computer, quit any applications you are not using.)  How is that possible if there are only few open apps? o.O  <answer170238> It's possible there is some odd request for memory that the virtual memory system cannot oblige. The best bet is to restart the Mac and then run Activity Monitor to show the memory pressure and then observe those memory details when/if you reach that memory state again.  It's likely something caused by a buggy program leaking memory - so you could look into updating any programs that are running when this last happened to ensure it's not something that a bug fix can remedy.  <answer208620> More likely it is a problem with the OS itself. I just received this message when I had just a few programs open and memory pressure was "green" in Activity Monitor - strongbut/strong my emuptime/em is strong106/strong days. As everyone know - no computer/OS can run forever without a restart although 106 days is not a high number if you compare with mainframes, but for a personal system it is pretty good (albeit my second Mac's uptime is 168 days as we speak - with no signs of running out of memory). Restart is probably the best suggestion until Apple fixes this.  <answer245506> In my experience, this occurs when my main system hard drive is running low on free space.  Operating Systems use the hard drive for extra memory storage, called "virtual memory". (I've definitely always wished that the OS could just reserve enough space for itself, but it just can't predict how many applications we'll be running).  On top of that, it's worth noting that regular web use now requires far more memory than it did in the past.  In activity monitor, you'll notice that every single tab &amp; window (every open web page) is it's own process, taking up a significant chunk of memory.  On top of that, account for all the ads, movies, flash, scripts, plugins and 360 videos etc. that we expect to run smoothly.  New OS's and new web pages just use a lot of memory to provide us with the services we expect to "just work" (eg. syncing across devices, notifications, automatic updating etc. etc.).  In short, in my experience there usually isn't a single process that's suddenly taking up a huge amount of memory (although a leaky program could indeed be a culprit - Sketchup 2016 does this to me, for example).  More commonly, it's the additional functionality we expect of many programs/web plugins.  I believe restarting the computer always alleviates this problem for a short while - primarily by unloading all the webpages and apps we had launched over time.  But if our expectation of the computer and hardware constraints stay the same (and we run the same number of processes without changing anything else), eventually we'll run into the problem again.  Two solutions that work for me:   1) Open fewer tabs/pages and fewer programs at one time. Close some web-pages/programs before opening the hefty apps, such as MS Office, Parallels, 3D CAD, Adobe programs etc.  2) Free up more space on the system hard drive (eg. move all your music and photos to another drive), to allow the system to handle your typical virtual memory needs.  For me, this means my 1TB OS drive needs 20% free space (200GB)!  Your requirements may be different. If you're on an older Apple laptop or iMac or Mini, the OWC Data-Doubler is a really fantastic way to accomplish this.  Method (1) is my temporary fix, so that when I eventually enact method (2) I will have restored the snappy performance I expect while running many heavy-duty programs simultaneously.  <answer246836> The very same issue happened to me a couple days ago.  I follow these instructions to reset my Mac's NVRAM and PRAM. The memory consumption went from 4.5 GB down to 2.8 GB when it started up.   ol liTurn off your Mac./li liTurn it back on again and press &amp; hold kbdCommand/kbd+kbdOption/kbd+kbdP/kbd+kbdR/kbd (all at the same time) before the gray screen appears./li liHold the keys until you hear your Mac start up for the second time (let it beeps twice)./li /ol  I had to repeat the process, one time right after the other, and now my memory issues have been solved.  <answer250823> There may be multiple causes of this error message because I get the error message regularly and have 300GB free on a 500GB SSD.  32GB RAM and the message has popped up with only about 24GB of physical RAM used.  It's always been when I had a crap ton of Safari tabs open.  I suspect a memory management issue with Safari.  Maybe some websites trigger it but Safari should be resilient enough to recover.    Additionally, Safari all too often throws the "force reload" option at me because web pages have stopped responding.  It's just not ready for prime time.  Someone needs to tamp down the bozo eruption in the Safari team...  <answer274848> Could be a emGoogle Chrome/em application memory leak as I had the same issue with it. Run emTask Manager/em (in emMore Tools/em menu or got to chrome://system/) and check memory used by opened tabs and kill them. If won't help, Force Quitting the affected application should solve the problem.  Alternatively check your memory pressure (codememory_pressure/code command) and double check your free space so there is enough storage for swap files. Also try running codesudo purge/code from the Terminal.  <comment268467> Why did someone vote down my comment above? <comment302683> I actually find that, with enough free space on the Drive available, I don't have to shut down pretty much ever.  The longest I'd gone was at least 6 months (before a system update) – it seems the OS is really good at cleaning up memory and keeping things stable.  But even then, restarting made no noticeable difference to system performance. <comment311638> Related: https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/178281/how-to-investigate-high-kernel-task-memory-usage <comment340089> For example, Google Chrome is one of your open apps, and you may have 30 tabs/pages open in Chrome, each of which takes up a huge amount of memory.  On my computer, a single GMail tab takes up 4Gigs of memory (and I have 3 of these open for varius accounts)! <comment342990> I recently saw this issue with almost all of the system memory free.  The problem was a faulty program that was allocating but never releasing GPU memory.  Since all screen display happens through the GPU, using up all its memory is enough to cause a legitimate out-of-memory error, even when plenty of system memory is available. <comment359744> I doubt this is because Safari isn't managing it's memory well (unless you find that Chrome handles the same crap-ton much better).  If you look at Activity Monitor, you'll see that each web page requires a lot of memory - especially if they're web-apps (such as Gmail - 4GB of mem for me) or have flash/movie ads (such as every blog/news site).