How to use Time Machine backup on a different computer? <body> I had a MacBook Pro, Mid-2010, which I regularly made weekly Time Machine backups of.  The computer accidently got destroyed.  When it died it was running OS X 10.10.4.  I then got a new MacBook Pro, 2014 model and it has the same size hard drive.  Is it possible to restore the data on the new computer using the Time Machine backup from the old computer? If so, how?  <answer201840> Yes, you can.  When you set up the new Mac and connect it to your Time Machine backup either through the network or via cable, you can select restore from Time Machine Backup during setup.  If you have already set up your new Mac and want to now restore, use strongMigration Assistant/strong found in your strongApplicatons  Utilities/strong folder.  The instructions can be found on Apple Support.  See the link below or search support for strongMigration Assistant/strong.  From Apple Support:     h2Migration Assistant and Setup Assistant/h2      Setup Assistant opens the   first time you start up a new Mac. It helps you enter your information   about your network, and guides you through setting up a user account   on your computer. Use it to transfer user accounts, settings, and   documents from another computer to your Mac.       strongIf you don't use Setup   Assistant to transfer information when you first set up your new Mac,   you can do it later using Migration Assistant./strong       Migration Assistant in   OS X Mavericks and Yosemite can transfer information from other   computers that have OS X Snow Leopard v10.6.8 or later installed. If   you're migrating from a computer with an earlier version of OS X,   update your older computer first, or manually copy your data from one   computer to another. If you're migrating from a Windows-based PC to a   Mac, you can use the Windows Migration Assistant as part of this   process.      h2Migrate from a Time Machine backup or external drive Use these steps to migrate users, data, or other information from an existing Time/h2      Machine backup stored on a Time Capsule or external drive.      ol   liIf your Time Machine backup is on an external drive, connect the   drive to your new Mac./li   liOn your new Mac, open Migration Assistant. You can find it by   choosing Go  Utilities, or using Spotlight or Launchpad./li   liEnter an admin password when prompted, and click OK./li   liSelect "From a Mac, Time Machine backup, or startup disk", then   click Continue./li   liSelect the Drive, Time Machine backup, or Time Capsule volume you       want to migrate from, then click Continue.  The Continue button is unavailable (dimmed) until you select a source./li   liIf you're migrating from a Time Capsule, enter your Time Capsule   password when prompted, then click Connect./li   liSelect the specific Time Machine backup you want to migrate from,   then click Continue. /li   liYou can customize the type of information that is migrated on the   next screen. If you want to transfer only a portion of an account,   deselect anything you don't want migrated. If there is more than one   user on your original Mac, you can click the triangle next to a   user's icon and deselect anything you don't want to migrate for   specific users. /li   liAfter you click Continue, the Migration Assistant begins   transferring files to  Mac. The amount of time that it takes for   migration to complete depends on the amount of data being copied,   and the speed of the connection. After migration finishes, the login   window reappears. Log into the migrated account on your new Mac to   see your old files./li   /ol   img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/6qKqj.png" alt="Migration Assistant"  <answer214460> This will not work if your computer(s) is(are) Server enabled.   FTL!    If you have installed MacOSX Server application to your installation, when you try to perform this action, a dialog warning will appear indicating that this function is not support in MacOSX Server.     <comment243366> "update your older computer first" sounds not applicable. My older computer is destroyed.  The last Time Machine backup for that computer was created when the computer ran 10.10.4.  The new computer already has 10.10.5. What should I do for this part? <comment243367> No problem.  The update referred to, say, 10.9 to 10.10. (Mavericks to Yosemite).  Your system is just fine. <comment243368> I had a computer destroyed and was able to restore a new one using this method.  Was like it never happened.  Whew! <comment258980> Could you elaborate a bit? This might not be helpful without some context <comment259775> sure - I will update the comment above