Update massively Wiki server directly in Postgres <body> I migrate a wiki that had a lot of broken link to a domain that no longer exist. How can I massively update my database, instead of change any single link?  My idea is to connect in postgres and update manually the database with  precodeupdate table set field = replace(field, 'cat', 'dog') /code/pre  Someone think it's possible? In which table and field I can found my entries?  <comment219409> I think this question is better suited for stackoverflow.com, not apple.stackexchange.com <comment219410> I'm voting to close this question as off-topic because I'm not really sure where it belongs, but it has nothing to do with Apple or anything related to Apple hardware or software. <comment219422> @Mark This is the wiki in the server app so is on topic - and is not really code so unlikely to be on topic for stackoverflow more like configuration so I think this is the best place (and see if notification to Mark works :() <comment219428> @Mark I missed that it was was specified in the tags and not in the question itself. And yes, the notification worked. I think the question could be made more clear by adding in the version of the OS and Server.app that is being used. It might make a difference. <comment219450> Sorry if I not specified that i was talking (of course) of Server App's Wiki that is different from the others.  I use the last version (OS X 10.10.3 and Server.app 4.1): I don't specified it cause wiki's structure (table an database) are the same in Mavericks. <comment219472> I feel like a question about SQL (which is, in itself, sort of a programming language) is out of scope for this site. Scripting the UI and writing SQL queries are two totally different things; the former is explicitly in the scope of this site, while I think the latter is out of scope, regardless of what software is being used. (And for the record, the question is about manually manipulating the database that software uses, not "how do I do something in Wiki Server".) <comment219622> But Apple's Wiki Server is an Apple implementation inside Server.app different from any other wiki!!! Only Apple could know how its wiki works and where I can found data entries!!! I know that my script to modify psql is correct, but it's the Apple's Wiki that don't have documentation to understand how modify it!