How do I access my private browsing history? <body> I'm trying to recover some pages that I had open when my macbook (OSX 10.8.5) crashed.  Unfortunately I was using Opera (V30) in private browsing mode.  I've tried looking at my DNS cache - but not exactly sure how to read it. (I can't see the URLs in the text)  I've also looked at my router logs but can only find info like this:  precodeMay 9 00:39:27&gt; PPPD Successfully Launched May 9 00:39:32&gt; pppd 2.4.3 started by root, uid 0 /code/pre  Just to let you know - I'm not trying to snoop on anyone, really just want to recover the pages I had open!   <answer199919> Here is a quote from a Wikipedia:  Privacy mode     strongPrivacy mode/strong or "strongprivate browsing/strong" or "strongincognito mode/strong" is a privacy feature in some web browsers to disable browsing history and   the web cache. This allows a person to browse the Web without storing   local data that could be retrieved at a later date. Privacy mode will   also disable the storage of data in cookies and Flash cookies. This   privacy protection is only on the local computing device as it is   still possible to identify frequented websites by associating the IP   address at the web server.   You may try to find logs from any routing, filtering or tracking hardware or software inside your network, or from your Internet provider.  <comment240782> I think that's the whole idea of private browsing ;-) You could see if your router logs show recent connections <comment240982> Thanks!  I have contacted my ISP provider, but they told me that they don’t retain the browsing history. Also I tried logging in to my router (D-Link DSL-502T ADSL router) but the log doesn’t give me any info that shows web or IP addresses. I also use airport extreme. Perhaps there is a way to access the info through this? <comment240984> Yes, stupidly using private browsing on a laptop prone to crashing! I can’t seem to find any useful info on my router logs (see below) <comment241024> I do not think there is a way to retain such logs from Airport Extreme.  Please be consider selecting the answer if at least helped you with information.