Retrieve Voice Memos from device? <body> iOS seems to refuse to allow me to email "long" voice memos, and I'm unaware of any way to extract them from iTunes backups of my phone. How can I retrieve entire voice memos that aren't really short?  <answer44914> If you look in the iPhone user manual - in the section on Voice Memos (Chapter 28, page 105) - it walks you through the intended process for syncing with your computer.  http://manuals.info.apple.com/en_US/iphone_user_guide.pdf     h1Sharing voice memos with your computer/h1      You can sync voice memos with   the primary iTunes library on your computer, then listen to  memos on   your computer or sync them with another iPhone or iPod touch.      When you   delete a synced memo from iTunes, it stays on the device where it was   recorded, but  is deleted from any other iPhone or iPod touch you   synced. If you delete a synced memo on  iPhone, it's copied back to   iPhone the next time you sync with iTunes, but you can’t sync that    copy back to iTunes a second time.       strongSync voice memos with iTunes:/strong   Connect iPhone to your computer, then in iTunes select iPhone.  Select   Music at the top of the screen (between Apps and Movies), select Sync   Music, select  “Include voice memos,” and click Apply.       Voice memos   synced from iPhone to your computer appear in the Music list and in   the Voice  Memos playlist in iTunes. Memos synced from your computer   appear in the Voice Memos app on  iPhone, but not in the Music app   iTunes should actually sync Voice Memos if you have the option 'Sync Voice Memos' checked in the 'Music' tab when the iOS device is connected (either through USB or Wifi).   I actually forgot I had this item checked in iTunes, and noticed I had a new playlist named 'Voice Memos' in iTunes. These were rather short (only a minute to 5 long I think), but synced ok.  <answer44918> This answer by jmlumpkin is canonically correct, all existing memos sync over to a special "Voice Memos" playlist in iTunes. However, if you like to record voice memos that you will retrieve later on your computer, my suggestion would be to check out DropVox. Instead of having to go through iTunes, DropVox uploads your recordings to your DropBox folder as soon as you finish recording, which for me is far more convenient than syncing and dealing with iTunes. Personally, I have completely dropped Voice Memos and now completely use DropVox for everything.  img src="https://i.imgur.com/ELpX3.png" width="300" img src="https://i.imgur.com/u1Qb7.png" width="300"  Another avenue to avoid iTunes but still use the Voice Memo app is to use a software package like PhoneView to grab your existing memos directly from the device.  <answer44919> There is a free third-party utility that I find very useful in situations like this. Macroplant iExplorer, for Mac and Windows, lets you mount the file system of your iOS device in the Finder or Windows Explorer, so you can copy the voice memo files (and most other iOS document files) directly to your computer without using iTunes. Macroplant also provides other paid apps with additional functionality.  <answer55118> You can extract the voice memos from your iPhone back up by downloading this free application: http://www.iclarified.com/entry/index.php?enid=4974 This will allow you to read the files from your back up files. (saved my life) The site also walks you through how to use it - it's really simple. Once you have extracted the IOS files, go to the media folder and you will find recordings. That's where your voice memos will be!  <answer86841> First, you don't need to download any software.   Visit this article, which explains how to transfer the memo to iTunes.     ol   liDock your iPhone via USB/li   liClick the name of your iPhone under Devices in the left column/li   liClick the Music tab/li   liClick the checkbox for Include voice memos/li   liSync your device/li   liYour files will appear under a new Voice Memos playlist/li   /ol   Then, if you want to have it play on Apple Tv or hear it from your phone and it still doesn't work, there is another trick.  Go into iTunes, hold the kbdCtrl/kbd button and click on the song/memo you've imported. Choose the "Create an AAC Version" option. It will make a copy of the song above or below the original in iTunes. Then you can play this on Apple TV or off your phone like a regular song.  <answer187071> There is an unclear aspect of iTunes which isn't mentioned in the other answers here.  After selecting the iPhone, iTunes (12.1.2.27) shows an emOn My Device  Voice Memos/em list in the sidebar.  However, this list doesn't actually seem to show all the voice memos on the device(!).  In particular, newly recorded memos don't seem to show for me, although they do in the PhoneView app.  Perhaps memos only appear in that list after the device has been synced.  So: don't try and use the emOn My Device  Voice Memos/em list to retrieve memos from the device.  Use the solutions mentioned in the other answers here instead. 