iPhone cannot be synced because there is not enough free space to hold all of the selected items <body> I'm trying to clean up some space on my iPhone, for this I need to sync it with a new Mac. The Mac doesn't have the files on the device, so sync will erase everything on the device. So I want to backup first, and then sync. But the backup complains there's not enough space (where? Mac has 55GB free). Errrrr. Pretty stuck here!  This is the message I get from iTunes (12.3.0.44) when trying to manually backup my iPhone 4S (iOS 8.1.2) to my Mac (Mac Book Pro Yosemite 10.10.5).  This is what happened until now:  ol liLast sync was on another computer (old Windows laptop), this is the first time trying to backup/sync on this Mac /li liiPhone is full (I want to backup the data and then to cleanup) /li liMac has 55GB free space/li liBackup wouldn't start, reported not enough space (a different message!) to sync /li liCleaned the lockdown folder as suggested by Apple/li liBackup had started but reported an error about a "session could not be started" /li liRestarted the device while connected to Mac (as suggested on some forum) /li liBackup had started but reported this message ("iPhone XXX cannot be synced because there is not enough free space to hold all of the selected items.")/li /ol  Any ideas?  <answer219536> figured it out, you have to uncheck the encrypt iphone backups.  give that a go and click back up!  I tried this and it seems to be working for me - I have NO idea why, but a dozen other ideas didn't work at all.  I untucked the 'encrypt' box, and tried sync again, and now it's proceeding as usual.  To be clear, I had the error where there was plenty of room for the back up and sync (asked for 1.1 Mb, said I only had 5 Gb) - but then it was saying that there wasn't enough room.  Once it's synced, I'll retick the box and hopefully it will all be back to normal.  <answer245837> I experienced a similar problem. So what I did was connect my iPhone 6S to the iTunes with which it was earlier synced. From there I deleted all the music, movies, and photos from my iPhone. After deleting the media I connected my phone to my new mac and it synced perfectly without showing that error message again. Hope this works for you as well.  <answer260094> I fixed my issue today. Our iPhone 5 with 32 gigs had no issue syncing or backing up; however or iPhone 6 with 128 gig was causing the "lack of disk space" error message.  I emptied my trash bin freeing up 30 gigs but still not luck.    After doing some research, I deleted the last backup of the iPhone 6 as some users said it may be corrupted.  Once I did that, I was able to do a backup on Iphone6.  Then I was able to sync with no issue!  Hope this helps some of you.  Good luck.  Just disappointed that Apple does not help at all!!!!!   <comment249983> delete any iOS update files first, then any large apps you can manage to potentially lose data for, sat navs etc are often large <comment249984> @Tetsujin Thanks! Are the update files stored on the device? I don't get the message - where is the missing space, on my Mac or my iPhone? <comment249987> I'm pretty sure iOS 9 or 9.01 will be stored on there somewhere - see Settings  General  Software Update <comment250008> @Tetsujin Thanks for the idea but it doesn't really explain the problems I have. I've checked - there's an update waiting but it doesn't say anywhere its stored or how to delete it. <comment250012> Settings  General  Usage  Manage Storage <comment250031> "So I want to backup first, then sync" Backup first before sync won't help you keep music files.  You didn't say that's your expectation, but just to be clear... Music is not part of a backup. <comment265530> Your answer lacks certain information to help answer the question. Please take some time and edit your answer so it would be useful.