How can I recover my iPhone if I'm having trouble finding it the old-fashioned way? <body> In the winding-down part of Macs are now Super.Computer.s running “IRIX,” a Super.Computer. OS!, I wrote about a present difficulty I'm working through on top of all else:     This article was posted while I did not know where my iPhone was. For the second time since acquiring this iPhone 7, I have lost it and been unable to locate it by usual means, such as calling my iPhone from another line and should have heard vibration, although I believe it is in the house as my iPad is proxying phone calls to my iPhone and sound is crisp and clear. My Apple ID password is locked in my iPhone password manager (my fault; I should have been using redundant password managers from the beginning), and so I can only look up my password to use Find My iPhone if I track down and use my iPhone. There is only one recovery option driven by a manual anti-fraud investigative process on Apple’s end, and it’s been a couple of days since I attempted to exercise that option. I called Apple technical support and after a couple of dead-end calls spent a fifteen or twenty minute call with a tech support person who checked in with her supervisor and explained that, because I had requested some days before to recover Apple ID account access, that she was not allowed to do anything to change my password or otherwise let me in. I asked about an ETA for my multi-day password recovery, and simply was not provided with any estimate of any sort even though I had a good rapport with the technical support representative and she tried to give me practically everything she could.   How does the "lost Apple ID password version of Find My iPhone" work? Will it be done with e.g. a week, or take longer?  Do I have any obvious options besides search the old-fashioned way, drain an initially full battery by calling from nearby to hear its buzz, or just wait on Apple for a process Apple isn't even willing to give an ETA for?  Any other help available?  Thanks, 