iPhone (iOS) mistakes my router (mifi) as needing a login page <body> When using my iOS 8 iPhone 6 with a cellular mifi, it sometimes thinks this device has some sort of webpage login page, the way public wifi does (I guess sometimes called a landing page).  However, it does not.  Is there a way in iOS I can mark a SSID as never needing a login page?  I suspect the reason it does this is this:  ol liThe mifi gives out DHCP before it has connected to the internet via cellular/li liiOS sees that it has a local IP address but can't reach the interent via some sort of test/li liThus iOS assumes this is a scenario where you have to login, and tries to bring up a landing page - its blank but has the domain name that the router uses a shortcut to get to its web interface/li /ol  Thanks!  <answer161659> In Settings → Wi-Fi, when you click the small emi/em next to the network name, you can disable the automatic login setting, then the window should not be shown again.  <answer161676> When you log into any wifi router, immediately thereafter the OS (iOS or MacOS) tries to resolve the DNS for www.apple.com, and then attempts to navigate to this page:  apple.com/library/test/success.html  (Or one of a handful of similar ones distributed around the 'net.) The page is very simple and basically just responds with the word "Success". If they do not get that, or it times out, they assume that you're on a captive router that needs a login. In that case they navigate to the IP of your router/gateway, which in your case brings up the settings, but in a captive system brings up the login page.  Fixing it seems to be a bit of a dark art. Try this solution first and see if it helps.  <comment188910> But this will also mean the phone won't auto-join that mifi, right? <comment188911> Really good data on how the mechanism works, thank you! But the solutions linked to cover situations where the process is not working at all - I think in my case its not working legitimately due timing of the cell network routing to the net versus the private wifi network issuing dhcp, but I want some way to tell iOS "skip these steps" (the whole success.html steps).  Anyone know a magic way to do that? <comment189055> Well before you go there, you might want to try setting a static route in your router for www.apple.com. If it's the DNS timing out, that should fix the problem.