Recover Deleted Files on Mac OSX [External NTFS] <body> I have accidentally deleted some files on my Mac OS X Mavericks. Actually, I was trying to burn an .img file to my flash drive which was located at strong/dev/disk1/strong (at the same time I had connected a NTFS External Hard disk to my Mac). So I used strongdd command/strong to flash these files and don't know how, but the flash drive was now located at strong/dev/disk2/strong and at strongdisk1/strong the hard disk was mounted. So I accidentally flashed that .img file to my hard disk and lost around 100gb of data.   Now I scanned my hard disk with Disk Drill v1 Enterprise and found some lost partitions (there are around 5 partitions around 10mb each). When I deep scan the hard disk with Disk Drill, It displays all the files but with lost file name and directory structure. But I badly need that.   So guys please help me to recover these files properly based on its file structure (Like Recuva do in Windows). Also recommend me some kind of utility (free preferred) that can recover my files while keeping original directory structure.  <answer115930> You'll want to decide to use a Mac based program like Data Rescue which offers a free preview to see if your data is retrievable:  ul liWhat should I do after I lost my MacBook data?/li liRecovering files from Time Machine backup disk after wrong dd/li liAccidently formated my external 1TB hard drive!/li /ul  Alternatively, you could take the external drive and connect it to Windows based software and use that OS and tool to try to effect a recovery:  ul liI may have used Disk Utility to erase my drive - is there hope?/li /ul  Worst case, you can seek professional help from various services, but since you asked for free that will limit severely the quality of the software as well as potentially the experience of the assistance available to you.  If you know the exact dd command, that will inform you as to how much of the NTFS data was overwritten and whether or not some tools will be better suited to help recover files from the unwritten portion of the drive. I would say you might have better luck with tools designed for NTFS as opposed to the Mac software as the erasing OS has less to do with recovery than the OS that created the files and filesystem in the first place.  <comment135607> You are asking for a lot and IMHO too much. You gotta try Data Rescue and ask yourself if those 100 GB are worth $100.