How do you get iPhone to share contacts with Mac Messages app? <body> When I get a new text, it appears both in the Messages app on my iPhone and in the Messages app on my Mac. The iPhone text show the person's name, and the Mac text only shows the person's number. I have Contacts checked under iCloud sync. Both OSes are latest.   <answer167098> I assume your contact sync all fine. Match telephone number work a little bit different with iOS and OS X, please check the person's telephone number format. and very important, check "system preferences"-Language &amp; Region" settings, make sure OS X could match the telephone number format.   <answer195987> I found that going onto system preferences/icloud then selecting the Contacts to uncheck it then selecting it again helps to sync it!  <answer207007> I was having the same problem, I just barely figured out how to make it work. If you open up the contacts app and look along the left-hand side it shows which contact lists you have connected to your computer and the messenger app. Just make sure all accounts linked to your contacts in your iPhone are also linked in the Macbook. My problem was I have three accounts linked to the contacts on my phone, but only two linked on the computer.  <answer221364> I had the same problem. I opened Contacts app on my macbook pro went to preferences  accounts  icloud   it added my icloud account and pulled all my contacts from my phone/icloud.  <answer223276> I have been having this same problem and as I go through this thread I found that I could answer yes to everything, but the problem persisted.   I ended up opening the Contacts page on my Mac and while the contacts I needed were in "All Contacts" they were not in the "On My Mac" so I highlighted them all under "All Contacts" and did a drag and drop into "On My Mac" it fixed almost all my problems.   The ones that it didn't fix I found out that the formatting on the phone number themselves were not correct. For example the one on Mac messenger was 1(234)567-8900 while the contact card did not have a 1... so, (234)567-8900. Changing those two things fixed everything.   <comment195903> Is the contact on your Mac? Can you search for [their name] and find it? If it isn't, you probably don't actually have the contacts synced through iCloud. The config for that can, in some cases be a little ambiguous. You can easily determine, though if they are in iCloud on your iPhone by opening the Contacts.app and turning off the "On My iPhone" (or similar) group. If that person, or many people disappear, that could be your answer. <comment195907> Okay, thanks. Looks like most of my iPhone contacts were coming from the "Gmail" contact group, so I added a Google account in the Mac Contacts app, but the couple contacts I try searching for still aren't there, even after sync. <comment312539> this is such a mess apple