Transferring photos from iPhone to windows computer <body> I recently purchased an strongiPhone 5/strong. I was using an android device before this. When I made the switch from android to iPhone I synced my photos from my android device onto my iPhone 5. When I synced those photos over it made duplicates of every photo and stored them in a photo album (not camera roll).   strongHow can I get the photos from that album on my iPhone onto my windows computer and delete the duplicates?/strong   I am running the strongWindows 7 OS/strong. So far I have tried importing photos and the only photos it will import are those from camera roll.  <answer96124> tems in the Camera Roll or the Saved Photos album of your device can be imported to your computer, just make sure to follow the instructions provided in the "Importing photos to your computer" section of this article:  http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4236  <answer96937> Method One: Backup photos with iTunes  As a bridge that connects computer and iPhone 5, iTunes makes the data transferring between iPhone 5 and computer happens via synchronization. Therefore, iTunes can be used to transfer photo from iPhone 5 to computer. What users get to do is to plug in this Apple device and then choose a computer file to back up those photos on iPhone 5.  Method Two: Store photos with iCloud  As a service playing an important role in maintaining the ecosystem of Apple product, iCloud makes data sharing 0between different Apple devices much easier. Since its release in 2011, iCloud has gradually employed to various Apple devices ranging from iPod to MacBook. Therefore, one can make transferring of photos from iPhone 5 to computer much easier. Just store those photos on iPhone 5 to iCloud and then download them from iCould using computers like Macbook Pro.  <answer171842> Don't wary about duplicates, it's just duplicates of index, not waste memory space. You could use Koit Photo Manager to view iPhone albums.   If one photo appear in Photo Library and User Album. Delete the one in User Album not affect in Photo Library. Conversely, both will be disappear.  <comment117780> Are you looking to run the reduplication process exclusively on iOS (where it might be hard or impossible) or on the PC where it might be doable with some software or scripting? (as you can see, the answers here are focusing on the basic transfer as opposed to the harder problem of deduplicating) <comment135238> The user asked for Windows solution specifically, not for information regarding syncing in general of with a Mac. Method Two doesn't even pertain to Windows.