Bootcamp Assistant thinks SSD I'm booting from is an External Drive — help? <body> I'm trying to get Windows 10 on my computer but since I have a small internal storage space I want to put it on my external Transcend StoreJet 500GB SSD.  I installed OSX on this SSD and booted from it, and am now trying to use the Bootcamp Assistant to format this drive for mostly Windows, but when I try to run the program I get this issue:  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/OfLYG.png" alt="Error!"  I'm confused.. Since I'm actually embooted on/em the disk that I'm trying to install Windows 10 on with Bootcamp Assistant, isn't it technically not emexternal/em? Isn't this the same as trying to Bootcamp with OSX on my Internal HDD?  To clarify, I am strongnot/strong booted from my Internal HDD right now, I'm on a fresh OSX install on my 500GB USB 3.0 SSD and trying to bootcamp from that.  Any help would be appreciated. I'm very confused here..  <answer231610> Apple does not support running Windows from USB drives. This does not mean you strongemcan not/em/strong, just that Apple does not provide a way to do so. This also does not mean you strongemcan/em/strong run Windows from an USB drive. I lot depends on which Mac you own. For sure, the Boot Camp Assistant is not going to help install Windows on a USB drive.  After installing Windows (internally) using the aid of the Boot Camp Assistant application, Windows boots and executes exactly the same as if you installed on a PC. In fact, you can install Windows on your Mac without OS X installed. One user posted where the Boot Camp Assistant was used to create the USB Windows Installer. Once booted from this installer, the internal disk was wiped clean of OS X and Windows was installed as the only operating system.  The company twocanoes offer a product called WinClone. They claim it can be used to migrate Windows to an USB drive and then booted using a Mac. See the link Migrate Windows 8 or higher to an External Drive . The key word here is migration. Windows was installed somewhere else, then migrated (copied) to the USB drive.  <comment282848> Do you have FileVault enabled?