Cannot see/accept/decline invitations from Exchange <body> My wife and I send each other calendar invitations from time to time. She is on an Exchange account, while I am not. I have a variety of email accounts, including iCloud, Gmail, and non-iCloud, non-Gmail accounts.  When my wife sends me an invitation, regardless of which of my accounts she sends it to, it doesn't appear in the Calendar app on either my phone or my Macbook. Instead, it simply shows up in the Mail app as an email with a code.ics/code attachment. I can't see anything about the invitation without opening the attachment. This is especially bad with updates and cancellations, as I can't see what has changed, and cancelled items never seem to get deleted from my calendar.  When I send her invitations, she has the same problems; invitations come through as attachments.  What could be causing this?  Note: we were both on the same Exchange server in the past, when we both worked at the same place, and had no problems sending, viewing, and accepting invitations on our phones and PCs. But we have had the problems above ever since I left that employer.  <answer211116> This is not a great answer, but it's a workaround for now. I set up an account on Outlook.com. Invitations to or from that address work seamlessly, so both my wife and I can open each other's invitations, accept, decline, etc.  The downside is that this only works for events on my Outlook.com calendar. There's still no way to accept an invitation from her and put it on my iCloud calendar, and she still gets an attachment if I send an invitation from iCloud or some other account. So, I very much consider this a workaround, not a solution, and would appreciate any actual answers.  <answer257103> You need an outlook account, but you can connect as many email addresses as you like to that account. As soon as your other addresses are connected to outlook it will work. At least it worked for me.  <comment320872> The Exchange server of your ex-company is most probably configured to manage E-mail and calendars for accounts belonging to the company. On the other hand, I suppose you wouldn't like this server to give access to your actual (private & professionnal) calendar to other accounts of your ex-company :). <comment320878> This doesn't really make sense. Outlook is an application. What do you mean by "an outlook account" or "your other addresses are connected to outlook?" <comment320879> @danielAzuelos Yes, the Exchange server is configured to manage email and calendars for employees of that entity. But that doesn't explain why iOS and OS X would refuse to process invitations from accounts on that Exchange server. <comment320892> @EdCottrell - Though I am not endorsing the answer because it doesn't make sense to me, you can get an Outlook.com email account.  It's the successor to Hotmail and IMO, better than any other email service out there. <comment320894> @Allan I have an Outlook.com email account. It doesn't work any better than the others in terms of receiving invitations from my wife's Exchange account. Also, it gives me nothing but trouble--I have more technical difficulties with that account, despite rarely using it, than with all other email accounts combined. <comment321208> @Andy, you should log in to the same account you used to post your answer when editing to bypass the review queue and to be able to comment here.