My iPhoto Library has lost its index. Files are invisible, but still taking up space. Is there any way to retrieve them? <body> Okay--I've seen questions similar to this one, but not identical.  So please hang in there while I try to explain this problem:  Yesterday, I upgraded iPhoto to version 9.6.  It seemed to be doing alright, but got hung up while trying to upgrade the library to a new version.  This isn't surprising--I had over 10k images in there, covering about 10 years of photos.  I decided to let the computer try to process it overnight, and went to bed.  When I got up this morning, it was still running--but unresponsive. In fact, the computer was so stuck that I couldn't even force-quit it.  I had to restart the machine.  When I logged back in, I opened iPhoto, and it worked.  But all my photos were gone.  I thought maybe importing something would help, but no.  I tried doing the "hold down command + option and do 'recover library'" trick, but it told me that my library would be larger than the available space on the volume that's holding it.  So I aborted.  Finally, I went into my library (using the "show package contents" command) and looked at the folders.  I have "Old Masters", "Old Previews", and "Old Thumbnails", with their associated folder hierarchies.  All of these files appear to be empty...but the size of the iPhoto library suggests the files are still there, hidden away.  You still here?  Great! Here's my question:  Is there some way to access and save these files?  I don't care if they end up in a huge mess--I can sort them out myself.  I just want my files back.  (I do have a backup, but it's from JUNE.  Yes, I know.  I'm a moron.)  Thanks!  <comment215529> If you're comfortable with terminal you can list the hidden files with `ls -a`. Otherwise enter `defaults write com.apple.finder AppleShowAllFiles -bool true && killall Finder` to show hidden files in Finder and look if they are in the package contents. Changing `true` to `false` in the above command hides them again