Testing a website using Safari on Linux <body> I run linux and use virtualbox to cross browser test my website. I have Windows10 and Windows7 within virtual box which allows me to test the site with IE and Edge browsers.  I have never used Apple/Mac OS so I am very much in uncharted territory here. I need to test the site on Safari but after searching online, it appears as though it isn't possible to download a MacOS ISO to install in virtualbox: link (I do not have access to an apple computer)  I tried installing Safari on a windows VM but it is a really old version since Safari is not supported on Windows. Also, from what I can tell there are no Linux versions of Safari.  Is there a way to test the site using Safari somehow without owning a Mac?  <answer273197> Safari is based on the WebKit rendering engine, though is of course exclusive to Apple hardware. Chrome, before forking its proprietary Blink rendering engine, was using WebKit so that is a somewhat close comparison.  The download page on the WebKit website links to a GTK port for Linux which might be enough to serve your purposes.  <answer273203> While it's not entirely the same thing, you could use one of the WebKit Linux ports to run "mostly Safari" on Linux. However, if you're intent on running macOS on non-Apple hardware, there are ways. However, note that these methods may violate Apple's macOS SLA.  According to Apple's macOS 10.12 SLA, you may use your limited, non- transferable, non-exclusive license:     to install, use and run up to two (2) additional copies or instances   of the Apple Software within virtual operating system environments on   each Mac Computer you own or control that is already running the Apple   Software, for purposes of: (a) software development; (b) testing   during software development; (c) using macOS Server; or (d) personal,   non-commercial use.   From a technical perspective, there's nothing that would prevent you from running a VM on non-Apple hardware, though you would clearly be in violation of the SLA, and as such, I can't recommend you do this. However, if you decide to run a VM on Apple hardware, it's possible to create a compatible ISO. In any case, you'd need access to a macOS equipped machine.  Again, while clearly in violate of the SLA, there are methods to put macOS on non-Apple hardware, generally known as Hackintoshing. Again, I cannot condone this, but it is technically possible.  The easiest and most legally clear method is still to run Safari on Apple hardware, and that's what I'd recommend.   <comment343405> Basically no - you have to hae Apple hardware to run Apple software <comment343414> You could try https://www.browserstack.com/ <comment343436> @Mark Not entirely true, I'm going to post an answer in a second. <comment343438> But that will only cover HTML and CSS not Javascript - and I think even on OSX Webkit browsers can behave differently to each other - let alone running on GTK rather than Cocoa <comment343439> You are quite right that even among the WebKit browsers, behaviour can be quite different. I have personally experienced oddities that only Safari presents.  The fact is, you can't run actual Safari without Apple hardware. That said, if you can get your hands on a Mac, perhaps the old computer of someone you know, Apple's Xcode IDE (free) includes an iOS simulator which works well for testing Mobile Safari as well. <comment362090> On ubuntu like Linux you can do `apt-get install epiphany-browser` to get Epiphany, the browser for Gnome that uses the webkitgtk mentioned in this answer.