Why doesn't my Macbook detect network after sleep? <body> every time that my 2007 macbook with lion goes to sleep, either manually (closing the lid) or timing out, i have to restart my computer to connect to the wireless network.  It fails to detect any networks at all until I restart, then it connects to my default network no problem.  What can I do?  <answer38757> Clear the network out and re-setup it.  Otherwise, I've run into this issue before, what brand of router are you using? And does it happen with other networks apart from this one?   Related: Why doesn't Airport reconnect after sleep or shutdown?  <answer39063> Apple claims to have addressed this issue with the OS X 10.7.3 update which, amongst other things, has a fix to:     Resolve a Wi-Fi connection issue when waking from sleep   Ars Technica reports that some people have had problems with the update but they are resolved by reinstalling using the Combo Updater.  <answer60523> I also had this problem on Retina running Mountain Lion.    After waking from sleep, WiFi doesn't automatically reconnect although it connects just fine when I manually select the network from the list.  I found a working fix here, kudos to Morris for posting.br For convenience, I reproduce his post here:     The first step is to create a new 'Location' under 'Network Preferences' and use that as default. I have deleted all old locations, don't know if that is necessary though.      The second step is to follow Apple's advice in Troubleshooting Wi-Fi issues in OS X Lion and Mac OS X v10.6.      Expand the Solution section under strongSymptom: The network connection drops unexpectedly/strong and follow the steps listed under strongSymptom: After restarting or waking from sleep, my computer might not connect to the Internet/strong.      Just make sure you write down all the passwords for the networks you want to keep as deleting the keys in keychain will permanently remove them.   <comment43919> I'll give it a shot. But it won't recognize any networks after sleep. Thanks.