Can I wake up my Mac wirelessly over the internet? <body> I am a university student who leaves his Macbook Pro at home and uses an iPad in lectures.  I thought it'd be great if I was able to wake my Mac back at home if I needed to remote control it using TeamViewer from my iPad.  My Macbook is running Mountain Lion (Latest) and is connected Wirelessly to a Virgin Superhub.  Is it possible to set it to boot from the university from my iPad so I can remote control it? If so, how do I set this up?  <answer65126> OSX has a feature called Wake on Demand (Apple's version of Wake on Lan) which does work over Wifi but:     Wake on Demand requires an Apple AirPort Base Station or Time Capsule   with firmware 7.4.2 or later installed. To use Wake on Demand   wirelessly with a WPA or WPA2 network, the AirPort base station or   Time Capsule must be hosting the network.   Instead you can use the traditional Wake on Lan, however this requires an ethernet connection (AFAIK)...  <answer73403> You need emsomething/em that can send the appropriate network packet to wake up the machine.  Apples routers (I have a Time Capsule) can proxy Bonjour-announced services while the machine is sleeping and can wake up the machine when the proxied service is accessed.  Apple also has a "Back to my Mac" feature, which I do not know if the iPad supports.  I do not think you can do what you want with your combination of sleeping devices and router hardware.  <answer123606> Perhaps iOS app Knock or Scany can make this happen.br Knock requires Bluetooth 4, Scany requires quite some tech-knowhow.  Unfortunately my mac is too old and my knowhow too restricted to check it.br (I like to be able to do this as well).  <comment144362> okay, wake on demand is on, but which app (and further settings) on your iPhone/iPad can you use to connect with your mac, and still have the mac still password-protected when waking? <comment144366> some vaguenesses: Do you want to boot ór to wake up the mac? What kind of MacBook do you have?