iTunes forcing me to Set Up/Back Up iPhone 6S+ <body> This question has been answered a few times but those solutions are outdated, from what I've seen.  Essentially, what happened was one of my Apps (Netflix) was stuck on the waiting position; and the only solution to that is to connect it to iTunes and do it.  strongThe problem is that when I connect my iPhone to the computer, it doesn't that it's ALREADY BEEN SET UP BEFORE and asks me to either (a) Set it up as new or (b) Backup from previous back-up (which I don't have any of)./strong  I am 100% sure I have emnot/em connected this iPhone to any other laptop. If my memory serves correct, I either didn't use a computer at all (I don't know if that's possible) or used the same laptop with the same account.  Solutions? What do I do?  P.S; there is a chance that the Apple Showroom I went to connected the iPhone to their laptop to set it up. This was an official showroom (I'm from India) so I hope they weren't idiotic enough to do this.  <comment317015> A computer isn't required anymore for setup. An iCloud backup can even be restored and the phone will have never synced.  I think that's the state you are in.  Unfortunately there is not a "synch here for the first time, but my phone is already set up." <comment317040> @Tyson Even if a device has never been attached to a (particular) computer before, iTunes can still tell if the device is set up or not. There's no requirement to set up a device while attached to iTunes in order for iTunes to recognize it in the future. You can attach a device to any computer running iTunes and make that computer the device's new "master" without resetting the device. There's something else going on here. <comment317045> @tubedogg Maybe something has changed, when I first unboxed my 7, I restored an iCloud backup from my 6s because I had not yet made a new current iTunes backup of the 6s.  After using the 7 for several hours with the restored iCloud backup, I plugged the 7 into iTunes the first time.  iTunes immediately gave me the option to restore from backup, OR Setup as new.  There was no option to just synch the phone, which was already setup at that point.  I didn't spend much time looking for how to just synch because my intent at that point was to restore the iTunea backup. <comment317047> @Tyson I'd be curious what happens if you tried clicking set up as new. [This question](http://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/32270/how-can-i-get-itunes-to-recognize-my-iphone-4s-again-without-having-to-re-config) seems to indicate everything would stay as is, just iTunes would now recognize the device, but in that question the device was originally synced with a computer. <comment317218> @tubedogg since I hadn't sold the 6s yet, I experimented this morning.   The wording "setup as new" is where the confusion comes in.  I'm an experienced iPhone user since 2007 and even I got confused.  Your assertion is correct "setup as new" does not do what it sounds like it does a that point.  As far as this question goes, the asker is stuck afraid to choose "setup as new" which they can safely do, also the best way to fix the Netflix app in the "waiting" state is to just delete it and redownload/reinstall it. <comment317422> @Tyson Thank You! I will try the setup as new process. Also, Netflix is NOT getting deleted; i.e the x buttons comes up but clicking it doesn't work. I have restarted the phone about 5 times over 3 days to no avail.