Looking for proper all in one audio file converter and tag manger <body> One thing that Windows has strength in, but the Mac seems to struggle with is a fully featured ID3 tag editor that has effective batch processing that doesn't cost and arm and a leg. Since most users rely on setting track info inside iTunes, there is a dearth of quality tools like Window's "ID3TagIt" which was my favorite back in the day. As people should know, editing data in iTunes doesn't update the ID3 tags of the song files. Therefore, when you try to move the files all of their markup data is lost.  Finally, it would be nice if such a tool either included a good format converter or easily plugged into one. I have a lot of live music in flac format with no info in the filenames. Typically, track listings are in a text file and artwork is in separate files. (Also, flac normally doesn't have tags as it didn't support that for most of their existence.) I really would like to avoid manual data entry or at least minimize it. I am looking for someone with experience here or has already done the research. I am not afraid of a tool that might be a little harder to learn but is more fully featured and automatable. Here are the key features I am looking for, but I don't expect to find all of them.  ul liCritical: Batch processing tools such as the ability to use patterns/regular expressions to mass-update ID3 tags to/from file and folder names/li liImportant: Parse a text file with track titles in it to use as source data for renaming files and filling tag data./li liAbility to import artwork and automatically resize it to largest standard. (Artwork files that are too large cannot be viewed by many players and get ignored. If they are too small they look bad. The standard is 600x600, no larger than 200 KB, and in JPG or PNG format with RGB color.)/li liFor files in iTunes, automatically take iTunes library data for tracks and write them to the song files' ID3 tags. Also, it should convert artwork as described in the last bullet. Bonus- be able to rename the file from under iTunes without breaking things. That is, rename the file but also updating the path in the iTunes metadata so it knows where it is./li liConvert song files into various lossless or lossy formats at user specified levels and options, also in batch mode. This should be done by queuing the files intelligently, not just by dumping them all into a folder, if possible. (This can be done with a separate tool, but something that tightly integrates would be desirable.)/li /ul  Anyone who has worked with music files on the Mac extensively I am waiting to hear about your experiences! It would save me a lot of money and time! Thanks!  <comment324408> I use [Music Brainz Picard](https://picard.musicbrainz.org/) for my ID3 tagging and FFmpeg(http://ffmpeg.org/) for my conversions.  Picard is x-platform (Mac/Windows/Linux). <comment324411> That looks like the power user's tool though some of the items are left unmentioned. At worst, I could write a plugin!