Which books should I read to use and understand Mac OS well? <body> I had been using Windows for over 10 years.br But I'm a beginner of using Mac OS.br Which books should I read to use and understand OS X very well.br  <answer17170> Check out Switching to the Mac: The Missing Manual, Snow Leopard Edition:     Is Windows giving you pause? Ready to   make the leap to the Mac instead?   There has never been a better time to   switch from Windows to Mac, and this   incomparable guide will help you make   a smooth transition. New York Times   columnist and Missing Manuals creator   David Pogue gets you past three   challenges: transferring your stuff,   assembling Mac programs so you can do   what you did with Windows, and   learning your way around Mac OS   X.Learning to use a Mac is not a piece   of cake, but once you do, the rewards   are oh-so-much better. No viruses,   worms, or spyware. No questionable   firewalls, inefficient permissions, or   other strange features. Just a   beautiful machine with a thoroughly   reliable system. Whether you're using   Windows XP or Vista, we've got you   covered.If you're ready to take on Mac   OS X Snow Leopard, the latest edition   of this bestselling guide tells you   everything you need to   know:Transferring your stuff -- Moving   photos, MP3s, and Microsoft Office   documents is the easy part. This book   gets you through the tricky things:   extracting your email, address book,   calendar, Web bookmarks, buddy list,   desktop pictures, and MP3   files.Re-creating your software suite   -- Big-name programs (Word, Photoshop, Firefox, Dreamweaver, and so on) are   available in both Mac and Windows   versions, but hundreds of other   programs are available only for   Windows. This guide identifies the Mac   equivalents and explains how to move   your data to them.Learning Snow   Leopard -- Once you've moved into the   Mac, a final task awaits: Learning   your way around. Fortunately, you're   in good hands with the author of Mac   OS X: The Missing Manual, the #1   bestselling guide to the   Macintosh.Moving from Windows to a Mac   successfully and painlessly is the one   thing Apple does not deliver.   Switching to the Mac: The Missing   Manual, Snow Leopard Edition is your   ticket to a new computing experience.   img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/0z02i.jpg" alt="enter image description here"  <answer17171> I was in the same position ¾ years ago and went ahead and loaned strongMac OS X Snow Leopard: The Missing Manual/strong (Pogue, David. O'Reilly).  It introduced all basic things what an imaginary OS X Snow Leopard manual could had included, albeit it isn't written in a conventional manual style. It is good for OS X newbies, as I was, because it explains even some rather elementary features/operations.  The Missing Manual doesn't cover Windows vs. OS X in a too great detail, which is, in my opinion, good thing as it makes you learn OS X from the ground up and makes you work with your operating system more intuitively (ie. you don't think Windows operations first and then translate them to Mac OS operations, but rather think of how things are done in the Mac OS straight away).  The downside was that the basic aspects of OS X were rather easy to learn with 10+ years of experience of other operating systems. It also introduced the majority of bundle apps, of which some were uninteresting to me (like iChat). The book was relatively fast to skim through.  The best part was the 6-page keyboard shortcut appendix to which I returned more times than any other chapter.  I can recommend the book — perhaps not to be bought, but to be read. If your local library has it in its collection, it's worth a visit.  Note that OS X Lion is due to be released later in this month. I strongly recommend to hold back buying the book now: either wait for a massive price drop or buy the book used; or wait for Lion books to land, if you're about to upgrade.  <comment18668> I agree, the Missing Manual books are excellent.  Don't get both of them though; there is a lot of redundant content. <comment18720> What are the differences between `Switching to the Mac: The Missing Manual, Snow Leopard Edition` and `Mac OS X Snow Leopard: The Missing Manual`? Which book has more information about Mac OS? Maybe I don't need to know how to switch from Windows. I just need to know how to use mac. <comment19091> Now I'm reading `Mac OS X Snow Leopard: The Missing Manual` which you recommended. I just have read the first several pages but I've got a lot of useful knowledge from them. Thank you very much for your nice answer!