Need explanation of iOS Safari - iCloud syncing related system prompt/question <body> I have an iPad mini, no other Apple devices, no cell phone and none of my PC's have Apple connection software installed. Bookmark syncing was turned off before I had used the iPad enough to notice anything.  Then, mysteriously, syncing began after an iOS update even though it was still turned off!  I have been trying to stop syncing for months. Recently, it was suggested I turn on the syncing, wait a while, then turn it off, (perhaps to 'sate' it's appetite?). So, for the first time the other day, I turned Safari syncing on. When I turned it off, syncing continued.  Today, I was further researching the problem, and thought I of trying a shutdown while syncing was turned on, and again after I turned it off.  This time, when I turned off Safari iCloud syncing, the system prompted:  "What would you like to do with the previously synced iCloud Safari data on your iPad? - Keep on My iPad - Delete from My iPad"  I sustained a brain injury a number of years ago. As a result, I have deficits in deductive logic and reasoning. Partly because of these deficits, the prompt seems ambiguous and confusing. Also, the prompt is, simply, not well written.  Since I have no devices to sync my iPad with, it appears 'the sync' would be more appropriately called a copy. Something, I have read, the system does.  Making a copy is a much different process than syncing two versions of a data set.  What I confused about is if "the previously synced iCloud Safari data", is the data copied TO the cloud during 'the sync' OR if it is the data copied FROM.  If they mean the data copied TO the cloud, then why would I "keep it" and not 'transfer/move it' to the iPad?  Further, if I am "deleting data from my iPad", how am I deleting a copy made TO the cloud, instead of what IS on my iPad, the original data?  Last, if 'the sync' is actually a copy of the Safari bookmarks, etc, and not truly a sync with another data set, why would I even want a copy on the same device the copy came from? Especially if there is no apparent way to access said data copy for the purpose of transferring it in order to create a backup.  I have made the wrong choice before, in situations like this; to disastrous results. I am now very cautious.  If someone could explain just what the sync process entails, and what I would be choosing to delete or keep?  Thanks, in advance.  GeoD 