Strange Finder window behavior on drag and drop <body> There's a little niggle about the OSX finder that's been irritating me for quite a while and now I want to find out if it's a feature or a bug and if I can do anything about it.  I have an open finder window in list view with lots of folders, I scroll down to the folder I want and whenever I drag and drop a file into an opened folder, showing it's contents (doesn't aply when the folder is closed!), after dropping the file, instead of staying put, the contents of the window suddenly zip up to the top of the list and I have to scroll all the way down again to see the folder where the file was dropped into. What's that about??  <comment82980> Which version of OS X do you use? Which view do you use? If it is the list view, which column is marked for sorting? <comment82981> I'm using 10.8.2, but it's been the same for a few versions now, can't remember when it started exactly. Like I said it's only in list view, but also in the list view that appears under cover flow view. I have since found out that the list doesn't scroll up to the top but up to a folder or file that is selected! If I select the target folder before dropping a file into it, the list stays put. Still it's odd behavior. <comment82982> By the way it doesn't matter which column I sort by. <comment82983> Guess I'll have to get used to consciously selecting an opened folder before I drop anything into it... <comment82985> OK. Now I understand your problem/complaint. I understood it wrong the first time. But now I was able to reproduce this behavior. But not always. As soon as I played around a bit it would only scroll a bit, so that the moved file is the last in line. To me this looks like a bug. I guess one should file a bug report to Apple. <comment82986> I agree. It only happens when I drop a file into a folder that has it's contents revealed. When the same folder is closed and I drop a file onto it no scrolling occurs. So it isn't consistent. I'll drop a line to Apple. Thanx for your response.