Cannot eject from Finder (Lion) <body> I cannot eject anything from Finder, either by clicking the eject icon in the sidebar, or by dragging the icon to the trash (it does turn into an eject icon though). I'm using Disk Utility to get around this, but it's frustrating to have to open that up when I'm staring at Finder all day long.   This is a recent development, as it was working fine before. I haven't installed anything new that I can associate with when this started happening.  ETA: I managed to fix this myself. Trashing the Finder and sidebar preferences and then restarting Finder did the trick.  <answer25026> If this behavior persists past a reboot, you might need to go down some general problem isolation steps:  ul liIsolating issues in Mac OS X/li /ul  There used to be an article (it's gone or I can't find it at the moment) that walked you through setting aside the application preferences or testing this behavior in a new user. In your case - it looks like you figured it out, but I wanted to at least mention the official guide in case others have the same symptoms but a different cause.  <answer262172> Easier way than trashing Finder is to restart its service by the following commands:  precodelaunchctl stop com.apple.Finder launchctl start com.apple.Finder /code/pre  This should fix any glitches associated by Finder.  <comment27532> I know you say "anything", but just to make clear, are you talking about CDs, external drives, and network drives? What hardware are you using? <comment27533> I've tried an external HDD and disk images (superdrive is busted so I can't test that, and don't use any network drives at home). This is on a mid-2009 MacBook Pro. <comment27538> What happens when you control-click the disk and select Eject from the context menu? <comment27546> Welcome to Ask Different! Thanks for letting us know how you fixed this problem. Please post that as an answer (by clicking below), and then (once you can) mark it as accepted. That will help other visitors see how you solved the problem. Thanks. <comment27572> I can't post an answer to my own question since I'm too new, otherwise I would.