Why is the connection to my NAS really slow/unstable via local network IP but not via dyndns-IP? <body> I'm having a problem to connect my Macbook Air to my NAS. The NAS has Debian installed and can be reached by any other computer in the network.  I can find the NAS on Finder. The NAS is listed in the sidebar as shared. But when I try to connect to see the shared files it takes ages to connect and most of the times it times out.  The same happens when I try to access some services that are running in the NAS like its admin platform or when I try to connect via SSH.  I've configured a dyndns pointing to the NAS and when I try to access the NAS using the dyndns-IP instead of the local network IP it works fine and much faster.  I think that there's something messed with the network in my Mac since I can connect stable and fast from my iPhone or other Windows devices.  Any advice would be great.  <comment50473> Are you connecting via the network name, or directly by the network IP? <comment50539> How do you connect to your NAS ? Wifi ?? Ethernet Cable (through router or hub) ?? How do the other devices connect to it? After what time does it time out ? Are you just trying to find or look for files or are you trying to work with them ? There could be many factors why it would have a slow speed.  Do you use SMB or AFP ??? What version of OS X do you have installed ? <comment50624> @KyleCronin Directly via the IP <comment50625> @shitake83 The Macbook is connected wi-fi through a hub connected in a router. I wondered if it could be something with the wireless but I can connect from my iPhone without problems... Times out after approx. 1 min.. Just find them... SMB, but I tried with AFP as well. OS X 10.7.3 <comment50626> Not sure how or why but it suddenly started to work fine tonight... I'll keep looking to see if something happens. Thanks! <comment50823> sometimes computers are jerks too. I'm happy you've solved your problem. Or better said it automagically left ^^. <comment82248> I've a similar problem since 10.7.3, my connection to the LAN via SMB is extremely slow. I've tried many things but nothing solves the issue. Bug reported to Apple.