MBA has occasional difficulty with campus WPA/WPA2 enterprise wifi network <body> I'm at the University of Texas, where we have a WPA/WPA2 enterprise wifi network. Much of the time it works great. Other times, it's tricky to connect emand stay connected/em.  I can actually force it to connect long enough to load a webpage or two if I go into System Preferences  Network  Wi-Fi. In the bottom half of the window it's got code802.1X: Wi-Fi (restricted.utexas.edu)/code next to a Connect button.  If I push connect, it says:  precodeAuthenticated via TTLS Connect Time: 00:00:00  /code/pre  and then starts counting up. When it hits about 5 seconds, I find that I can load webpages. The Wi-Fi indicator, however, seems to think it's not connected (won't show the solid connection indicator, just the trying-to-connect animation), and after about 52 seconds, it seems to give up and decide it's time to try again -- which actually disconnects me.  Even after about two years of this I haven't found a consistent way of handling the problem other than rebooting the Macbook altogether. I find it'll connect eventually even if I don't. Turning Wi-Fi off and on may or may not help, but that may be my imagination.  I'd love to find a solution to this problem that doesn't involve rebooting, for obvious reasons. It's just not sustainable, because sometimes the computer will idle-to-suspend and then lose the connection again, which requires another reboot.  I'm using OS X version 10.8.4.  <comment119439> What OS X version are you running? <comment119442> Oops, thanks. It's 10.8.4. I added it to the question. <comment119455> Why would you loose the connection? is it a week signal ? or is there a limit imposed how long you can use it? <comment119458> I have no idea why suspending would cause me to lose the connection. Doesn't the OS reinitialize network interfaces when it wakes up? I'd assume so. There's no time limit imposed. <comment119571> Actually, in my experience, suspending my device requires me to re-establish my connection quite often. I don't think that's out of the ordinary, but I could be wrong.