How to mitigate CVE-2015-1130 (Hidden Backdoor with Root) due to lack of Apple support? <body> This is related to CVE-2015-1130, a.k.a Hidden backdoor API to root privileges in Apple OS X. It appears Apple has refused to fix it in OS X 10.9 and earlier. Emil Kvarnhammar, the one who reported this vulnerability to Apple states:     Apple indicated that this issue required a substantial amount of   changes on their side, and that they will not back port the fix to   10.9.x and older.   I have an OS X 10.8.5 machine and an OS X 10.9 machine. I can't upgrade either machine due to requirements outside of my and Apple's control.  In the absence of Apple patching OS before 10.10, how can we mitigate this on OS X 10.8 and OS X 10.9 machines?  <answer180474> I would say it's simply not possible.   It apparently took Apple months of effort to close this door. They specifically asked the reporter to hold long past the accepted announcement embargo period, in order to give them sufficient time to fix it before it went public. They say the reason for not back-porting it to earlier OSes is the sheer amount of effort involved.    If they can't do it, I doubt anyone else could.    If it could be even slightly mitigated by any action on your part, I'm fairly sure there would have been advice from them to that effect.  <answer180687> This is not a mitigation, but it may help in getting the issue fixed.  Below is the complaint filed with the FTC. Others should consider filing a complaint too, in an effort to get this fixed. Apple can shun users like you and I, but they are going to have a tougher time with agencies like the FTC.   Complaints can be filed with the FTC using the Complaint Assistant for Internet Services, Online Shopping, or Computers.     I purchased a MacBook Pro in 2012. It was customized and cost   approximately $3,500. The MacBook runs the OS X 10.8.5 (Mountain Lion)   operating system.      Apple's OS X operating systems recently suffered a major security   defect known as a vulnerability in computer security. The security   defect CVE is CVE-2015-1130 (cf.,   https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-1130), and its   also known as Hidden Backdoor with Root. "Root" is a term for having   full administrative control over a computer; and when a bad guy "gets   root" its like prison inmates acquiring a master key to a prison.      It appears Apple has refused to fix the security defect in OS X 10.9   and below. According to the researcher who discovered and reported the   issue "Apple indicated that this issue required a substantial amount   of changes on their side, and that they will not back port the fix to   10.9.x and older" (cf., https://truesecdev.wordpress.com/2015/04/09/hidden-backdoor-api-to-root-privileges-in-apple-os-x/).      I feel Apple deceived me when they claimed OS X 10.8 was the "safest   and most secure" [sic] operating system. In reality, Apple's software   had this security defect dating back to at least 2011. In fact, Apple   still claims the entire OS X family is safe and secure though we know   its not (cf., https://www.apple.com/osx/what-is/security/).      I also feel Apple failed in their obligation to warrant their   defective product. I understand security bugs happen. But when they   do, they are usually promptly fixed. It is not the case with Apple and   CVE-2015-1130.      OS X 10.9, 10.8, 10.7 and 10.6 are generally considered "contemporary"   and make up approximately 55% of the OS X market share. OS X 10.9 and   10.8 have a 35% market share. (cf., http://www.intego.com/mac-security-blog/os-x-market-share-statistics-1-in-5-macs-still-unsupported/).      And a counterpoint in case it arises during debate: I don't want to   upgrade to OS X 10.9. There's too much iCloud integration. I don't   trust iCloud or putting a Keychain in the iCloud, so I don't accept   the risk. Also, I don't want to be a beta tester for new features.      If Apple claims I agreed to upgrades through [generally obscene] Terms   of Service forced upon me, then they are wrong. There was no "meeting   of the minds" and no "manifestation of assent" (cf., Zappos.com Inc.,   Customer Data Security Breach Litigation (MDL No. 2357), U.S. District   Court, District of Nevada). And at the time I purchased the MacBook,   OS X 10.9 did not exist. So its a stretch to claim I agreed to an   upgrade for a non-existent operating system.      Apple is clearly deceiving us (the consumers) when representing the   product, failing to meet its obligations to us (the consumers) by   warranting the product, and we (the consumers) need the FTC's help   here.      The remedy I demand is a patch for the defective operating system. A   patch is what every other major operating system manufacturer   provides. I'm not interested in a refund of my money because I need   the MacBook on occasion for both personal use (play the music and   movies from my iTunes library) and professional use (iPhone/iPad   development).   <comment215038> As comments are not for extended discussion; this conversation has been [moved to chat](http://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/22847/discussion-on-answer-by-jww-how-to-mitigate-cve-2015-1130-hidden-backdoor-with) since there are reasonable points made worth hosting in chat. <comment215041> Be nice please - calling names and or grouping everyone as an "Apple Fan Boi" (whatever that means) makes you look either hot headed or immature or a troll. I'm pretty convinced you're at worst peeved at Apple. If this isn't clear, please ask for guidance on [meta] and refresh yourself with the rules of the site at [help].