What Data is Being Sent by Background Processes? <body> I just upgraded from Mavericks to El Capitan today, and there are many new background processes asking to connect to the internet, (as reported by Little Snitch). I allowed most of them, as they were connecting to Apple servers, but I still wonder what data is being sent. I also allowed Google Software Update to connect, assuming Google Earth might need an update which, as far as I know, is the only Google app I have.  Is there anyone keeping track of background processes, specifically those found on OS X, and what kind of data they send? Which third-party apps can invoke these processes? Which processes can be safely blocked from accessing the internet?  <comment255896> Usually the names of the processes and the server name give details on what is being sent. <comment256256> I suppose - assuming you know what the process does, and what the server is for. Often, I don't. For instance, what does UserEventAgent do, and what is the ominously named captive.apple.com server for? The UserEventAgent man page is even more opaque than usual.  Or, I see that "curl" tried to make a connection, and I have no idea which process called it, or for what.  Surely someone must be keeping track of these background processes, the data they send, and their purpose? <comment256289> `curl` is a command-line utility for downloading things. I don't know why UserEventAgent would need a network connection. <comment256624> Right, I know what `curl` is for - the thing that worries me is that I'm not the one invoking it. I would like to know which process did, and what it wanted to download. It may be perfectly innocent, perhaps a software update but, I want to know what my computer is doing behind my back, particularly in light of all the spying and data collection going on. There are other considerations. Do I need `gamed` connecting several times per day if I'm not using `GameCenter.app`? There may be other unnecessary processes running. I simply don't have enough information, and I want that to change. <comment256646> You can use Activity Monitor to figure out which processes called which. Select the process then Press the "i" in Activity Monitor. You can then see its parent process.