Collection of albums in iTunes? Essentially a playlist of albums? <body> From within iTunes (or Music on iOS), is it possible to make a collection of full albums that is separate from my main library? So, essentially, a playlist of albums.   I know that I can put all songs from an album into a playlist, but that's not exactly what I need to do. It comes down to the fact that I have a fairly substantial music library. I'm an album-centric music consumer... meaning I tend to listen to full albums as opposed to individual songs. I want to be able to group albums in my collection based on mood, genre, release date, theme, whatever. So again, a playlist of albums is really the best way to describe it.  Maybe I'm going about this all wrong. Open to suggestions!  <answer194704> Theres not really a way to make a playlist of albums the way that you are explaining it. You can however, as you said, add all of the songs from a album.  <answer239991> There does seem to be a way to make Smart Playlists that only include whole albums - you need to love ('Heart') the album (not the individual tracks) and then use "Album is Loved" as one of your smart playlist conditions.  Strangely it seems to only work on my home library - my work laptop with iCloud Match messes up the albums - but it seems to work for my iPad and iPhone syncing, which was my purpose, as I like to listen to whole albums not random tracks.  <comment232340> So basically you want to keep a bunch of songs outside the iTunes library, but still play it via iTunes and/or sync it to iOS devices? To clarify whether you are going about this all wrong: What are you trying to accomplish with this/which problem would this solve? <comment232357> @patrix Sorry, I wasn't clear enough. I want to create this collection _and_ listen within iTunes. It comes down to the fact that I have a fairly substantial music library. I'm an album-centric music consumer... meaning I tend to listen to full albums as opposed to individual songs. I want to be able to group albums in my collection based on mood, genre, release date, theme, whatever. So again, a playlist of albums is really the best way to describe it. I'm starting to think that this is an impossibility though. (P.S. I'll update the question with this info. Thanks for the prompt!)