How to reverse Windows scrolling direction in both VMware and Boot Camp <body> On my Mac, I have a Windows partition that I can either directly boot into (with Boot Camp) or run as a virtual machine (with VMWare Fusion). I set up Windows to reverse the scroll direction of my mouse. This works when I'm running Windows in Boot Camp. But when I'm in VMWare, the scroll direction is reversed twice — once by Windows and once by macOS — which puts it back to regular scrolling.  How can I set this up to have natural scrolling in Windows in both Boot Camp and VMWare?  <answer294115> In system preferences, mouse, there is a check box to set the scrolling direction. This sets it for all apps though. I don't know of a way to set it for specific apps.  <answer294117> Try Scroll Reverser. While it's not automatic, it allows you to reverse your scrolling direction from the menu bar icon easily. Unfortunately the app doesn't support activating/deactivating it using a keyboard shortcut, but you can likely use AppleScript to set a keyboard shortcut for it.  <comment371201> You may want to clarify your question, because the two answers posted so far I do not believe will solve you problem. What will solve your problem is to revert to normal settings within Windows while running as a virtual machine. That way both macOS and Windows in the virtual machine will function the same based on the mouse settings in macOS. At a minimum you could manually run a script from within Windows or find a way to automate it based on which environment it booted to, Boot Camp or virtual machine. <comment371202> It's been to long since I ran Windows natively (Boot Camp) and it as a VM (Boot Camp as a VM) but I do remember there was a way to programmatically determine which environment it was and programmatically act accordingly. IIRC It had to do with checking if some function of VMware Tools was running, as it only ran when run as a VM, not while in Boot Camp. The program I wrote was placed in the Startup Group, checked which environment and then made some changes accordingly. <comment371224> What version of Windows are you running?