How can I flip desktops between two displays in OSX <body> I have a multi monitor setup, and I want the ability to flip the desktop being displayed on my primary monitor and the desktop being displayed on my secondary monitor.   I know this is a strange request, but I'm often engaged in video conferencing, I want the ability to remain looking at my camera while moving to work on related tasks. Is there anyway to code this type of macro, or is this a feature in OSX?  Thanks!  <answer277206> If what you want to do is just to swap your screens around, then you can do this with the Displays pane in System Preferences. More specifically:  ul liGo to Apple Menu  System Preferences/li liSelect strongDisplays/strong/li liClick the strongArrangement/strong tab/li liClick and drag the display(s) to rearrange them as you wish. You can also rearrange which one has the menu bar./li /ul  If instead you wanted to do something else, please clarify your question so I (or someone else) can help you.  In the meantime, you may want to read: use multiple displays with your Mac.  <comment348919> In what way would you like to flip the displays? Would you like to change the primary display or move all the windows from one display to another? <comment348929> I like Monomeeth's answer, but you can also just go to mission control (3 finger swipe up) and move the desktop you are working on to the other monitor <comment348931> I am looking for a similar functionality to the control + arrow hotkey that allows me to move between desktops on my primary display. Except I would like this functionality to switch the desktop I am displaying on my primary monitor and the one on my secondary monitor. So lets say my primary monitor has  desktops 1-5 and secondary monitor has desktops 6 and 7. Monitor 1 has Desktop 1 active. Monitor 2 has Desktop 6 Active. I would like a quick command to move desktop 1 to Monitor 2 and Desktop 6 to Monitor 1.  I know I can drag and drop them back and forth, but I would like to make it faster <comment348932> I am looking for a similar functionality to the control + arrow hotkey that allows me to move between desktops on my primary display. Except I would like this functionality to switch the desktop I am displaying on my primary monitor and the one on my secondary monitor. So lets say my primary monitor has desktops 1-5 and secondary monitor has desktops 6 and 7. Monitor 1 has Desktop 1 active. Monitor 2 has Desktop 6 Active. I would like a quick command to move desktop 1 to Monitor 2 and Desktop 6 to Monitor 1. I know I can drag and drop them back and forth, but I would like to make it faster