Mac OSX Dock - Open application indicators, and left-click actions <body> I'm not sure if this is a valid question or simply a rant for a problem that has no current valid 3rd party solutions.  I can't get a grasp on the Dock - it just doesn't make sense to me.  1) Applications that are open, but have no windows, appear as open on the dock. Why isn't there a way to tell them apart, and why don't they disappear from view (I don't mind them being open for faster re-launch, but why tell me about it? I don't want to see an app in my dock unless I have an open window in it.)  2) Which application is on front? I have no idea by looking at the dock. Why not visually highlight which application has focus? (DragThing has this.)  3) Left click doesn't do anything if your application already has focus. What's the purpose of this? Why can't left click emphasize the presence of the currently focused window?  For me, the dock is supposed to be something that allows to see at a glance what you are doing, and quickly switch between applications, something which it fails at catastrophically. Mission Control is overkill for switching between 2-3 apps that only have 1 window, and I'm at a loss for an effective mouse-based solution.  <answer104858> I think you're getting some things wrong.  ol liAn app can be open without having a window open. That's what the dock is showing. You can't get the behavior you describe. /li liWhat app has the focus? Look at the left side of the menu bar next to the Apple logo, it shows the name of the app that currently has focus./li liWhy? Ask the developers directly. We can't answer this. It is Apple's choice. But I can give you an example where a click does something else than the normal (nothing) behaviour. Look at one of my apps./li /ol  To finish, I think you don't get the purpose of the Dock as Apple sees it. It's an Application launcher and it shows the UI Apps that are already open.  <comment123370> I agree with all of this, but I'd like to add one tidbit.  Some of @cloneman's ideas have some merit but they will only get noticed by Apple if they are submitted as feedback through http://www.apple.com/feedback/macosx.html.   If Apple receives enough similar feedback then you might just see some changes to the Dock's behavior. <comment123374> As written this is primarily a rant. There are alternatives to Finder out there and we already have several questions on AD which cover them. If you don't find what you are looking for, feel free to ask a question specifying what you actually are looking for.