Can't enable iCloud backup on iPad 4 <body> I've had problems with my iPad's iCloud backup ever since I did the regular wipe&amp;restore in April - it didn't want to sync ever since (prior to that, though, it worked great for the past few years). Thus, I decided to try a few things like disabling the iCloud backup and then enabling it back again, relogging into my iCloud account and even doing the wipe&amp;restore again.   Regretfully, now not only does it not sync with iCloud (which it didn't since April as I mention above), but I can't even enable the iCloud auto backup option - when I try to turn it on in the iCloud settings, an error prompt appears reading there was a problem with enabling iCloud backup. I've tried enabling iCloud backup on iTunes through a cable and not on the device itself but when I change the backup method from PC to iTunes and press Apply, it doesn't seem to change anything (it's still off on the device and I don't see a way to force the iCloud backup from the PC). What can I try if I already did all the above but to no avail?    <comment364310> All the other iCloud functionality works as expected? Might be easiest to reach out to Apple Support in this case. <comment364396> @patrix - not really, for example iA Writer informs me there are no documents in my iCloud which isn't true (and my Mac sees them just fine). Is there any Apple Support mail, though? Cause the only option I found on their website is scheduling a call and you have to be on your warranty to do that, which I'm not for a good three years now :( <comment364397> So iCloud seems to be confused somehow. AFAIK there is an iCloud Troubleshooting guide at Apple's support site, did you consult this already? <comment364425> @patrix yep, I have consulted the guide here (https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203516) but there wasn't much to be consulted, honestly. It's all very very basic stuff like "try again", "try again after X mintues" and so on, certainly nothing that can really solve my problem :( <comment364432> It also recommends to contact Apple Support if other options fail. AFAIK this is also possible if your warranty period is over.