unable to ping local network <body> I have a problem whereby Mac A cannot ping the local network. It can ping the router, 192.168.1.1 but none of the machines on that network. Mac B works properly.   ul liI am running yosemite 10.10 on both macs./li liI've tried deleting the network settings and starting again (on Mac A)/li /ul  This is also preventing (which) mac from discovering my SONOS network (which is or isn't different than the local network??).  <answer208057> Ping can be suppressed by a firewall, so I like to take a more overall view.  ul liI would choose one thing that Macs can share like Screen Sharing and File Sharing and turn them on on both Macs./li liI would check if the time of day is correct on both (since some deviation past a few hundred seconds can cause visibility errors in some sharing tasks). This also ensures that the network connection to internet time servers is working if you set the time automatically./li liNow that you know the network itself is functional for each Mac - open Finder in both and search for the other Mac./li /ul  If you have hidden the "shared" sidebar in finder, you might have to un-hide it. Alternatively, you could make a new test user account on both Macs and use it for troubleshooting. The default Finder settings will show shared Macs on the local network.  At that point, you'll know a bit more about the network and possibly want to power off both Macs and power off the router and then start them all up again.  <comment250969> What procedure are you following to "delete the network settings" and "starting again"? Are you following an Apple Support article?  Physically how does Mac A connect to the local network. How does Mac B connect to the network? <comment251173> both macs can share screens with each other.  The problem is related to connecting from the wifi to the wired lan on the router. Now both macs cannot access the wired lan from the wifi lan, I have an android phone which can and an iPad which also can. Its just the macs with this particular router (SFR NB6 I'm in France) <comment251214> I deleted all the wireless networks in the network preference and restarted. Both macs connect wirelessly. <comment251215> My original comment should have read SONOS network not sons lol <comment251223> Thanks! It's best to edit the post so that the text reads correctly...