El Capitan fails to mount HD over Airport but OSX 10.6 does. What is Sharepoint file type? <body> PROBLEM I have a 3.5" 1TB drive, OEM Apple (Western Digital). I have a Voyager S3 dock, that allows me to easily swap one drive for another if I ever need another.  It connects to my Airport Extreme via USB. It has 3 Partitions, Extended Journaled format type. So standard Apple device format.  My OLD computer, running OSX 10.6.8 sees and mounts this drive on my wireless network -- but ONLY through my Airport Extreme network.  It sees a device having 3 folders.  My NEW computer, running El Capitan sees the drive, but will not mount it.  Error says "The operation can’t be completed because the original item for “PartitionName” can’t be found." It sees all 3 partitions.  The KIND is listed as SHAREPOINT, which I presume is the problem.  I gather that Sharepoint is some new kind of network drive format?  But the drive is formatted as Apple Extended Journeled.  It SHOULD mount, because its all Apple equipment &amp; formatting.  Surely El Capitan MUST be backwards compatible with this configuration!!!  I have played with permissions on the external disk, making sure EVERYONE has Read/Write access, and setting what I can to "ignore ownership.  Also I now notice that even on the OSX 10.6.8 computer, the TYPE is Sharepoint.  But I think that just happened.  Not sure.  The more I mess with this the more confused I get.  BOTTOM LINE: It mounts under OSX 10.6.8 but not under El Capitan.  Why not?  It seems to mount when directly connected to El Capitan via the USB.  Don't want to write anything to it yet because I need to recover some files.  Getting more confused since I cannot find out exactly what "sharepoint" is, wrt being a TYPE of File on my Mac, and how it came to be, how it works, what its for.  Has Microsoft infected my machine with something?  It seems to be an Office plugin... purpose?  Something to do with a Microsoft "cloud" service?  Why should I have it on my computer at all?  <comment324350> Re: sharepoint, see http://superuser.com/questions/153020/why-is-my-mac-calling-my-samba-share-sharepoint <comment324351> Also, how are you trying to mount it exactly? <comment324362> "Sharepoint" is just what apple calls network volumes in some places (e.g. the Finder's list view, "Kind" column). It doesn't indicate a problem, so it's not relevant to what actually causing your trouble. <comment324364> @tubedogg Thanks for clarifying that and sharing the Superuser link. :)