Underscore on login screen intermittently not working? <body> I've noticed that this started happening maybe a few weeks ago:  When I'm logging in, sometimes when I type an underscore in my password, it does not register as a keypress, i.e. no black dot appears in the password field.  It only happens some of the time.   I noticed it because a few times when I was logging in, it said I typed the password incorrectly (because the underscore was missing).  I then began to type the password slowly upon logging in after those few times, and I noticed that the underscore would fail to be recognized at times.  I'm quite sure I'm typing it properly, because now I will very slowly and deliberately type the password with the intent of watching this bug happen.  Typically it will happen, and then I will type the underscore again and it will register.  This happens both on my MBP's keyboard and with a USB keyboard.  It's pretty easy to replicate, as it will happen almost every time I have to unlock the screen from sleep.  Any ideas?  <comment72956> Do you notice the underscore character dropping out when you are logged-in and typing text in apps? <comment73007> @IconDaemon no, the underscore is fine in every app once logged in.  I only notice this during login.  It happened again just this morning, I very deliberately typed my password, making sure to press the keys firmly and it absolutely failed to recognize my first try at the underscore. <comment73155> Is this the only character in your password that requires the use of the Shift Key? <comment73488> @StuWilson Yes, only this character requires the shift key. <comment73492> Try the original password with underscore but use a different shift key to make the underscore. Also try changing the password to one not containing the underscore but containing another character that requires the use of the shift key. <comment73844> @StuWilson I changed the password to a new one, then changed it back to the old one and it seems to be fine now... If you want to make an answer out of this I'll award it to you.