Selling a Macbook Pro - removing personal information from it <body> I have recently upgraded to a 2011 MBP, and I'm finally all set up on it.  It's time to sell my previous MBP.  I've already copied off all of the data I want to keep and deleted the obvious suspects.  What is the preferred approach to prepping a used Mac to be sold to an unknown third party that strongdoes not/strong include a complete wipe and reinstall?br If possible, I'd like to leave the activated programs on it. (Perhaps, that is a horrible idea and contrary to prepping for resale.)br Is it enough to create a new user, log in as that user and delete the previous user?  I apologize for the basic question; I realize the nuclear option is probably the recommendation, but I'm thinking it would help my resell value to leave the activated software in place.  <answer15119> After creating new user and deleting the old one, at least wipe free space to remove securely your data. However, a lot of data can be retrieved from remaining (for example temporary) files. So that the only secure option is full wipe. And remember to unpair your hardware from any other devices/network services (Bluetooth, MAC address etc).  <answer15120> You can erase your hard drive by putting in your Mac OS X Install DVD, and boot from there. Then when that boots up go to Disk Utility under Utilities just after you choose your language. Here is a support article from Apple on how to erase and reinstall the OS.  http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1820  strongIt is illegal to leave software that requires user authentication on a computer you intend to sell. When you purchased that software you agreed with whatever software company that you wouldn't abuse the amount of user licenses purchased. By leaving it on your computer to "increase" the value you are abusing the software company TOS./strong   Plus if you copied those applications to your new computer, and if you sell your old one with the applications still authorized they can "call home" and that serial number can be flagged and all applications that are activated with that serial number can be deactivated.   <answer15121> If you are really concerned with the next owner recovering your files, which can be done even if you emptied the Trash, then you should format the drive:br Open Disk utility, select the drive, select the codeerase/code tab and click on codesecurity options/code, then choose one othe following:    img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/244Q8.png" alt="enter image description here"    I don't know why the sale doesn't include a wipe and reinstall, but I don't see why it shouldn't as a mac always comes with a licensed OS, you just format the drive and reinstall MacOS and you're done.  strongYou can't erase the drive you are currently booted to. You have to boot from an external drive with Mac OS X installed, or boot from the Install DVD./strong  <answer15124> You should wipe and reinstall. Reasons:  ul lipersonal info. Anybody can attach your mac in target disc mode and copy the whole hdd for the later analyze. Even if a file is removed by emptying Trash, or via "rm" unix command, here is a possibility to recover it. (because deleted only the reference to hdd sectors and not wiped the sectors./li liapplications - If you have any applications, you probably want use them later too. If you sold the macbook with them, the buyer will use them too - double install usually mean = disabling your legal activation key./li liwith clean reinstall, you delete everything - for example code/Library/Application support/code too, where much applications saving some infos (non personal, but anyway)/li lianother example - the codelogfiles/code in the code/var/log/code directory. Here are tons of informations what can gain from them (for example mail addresses) and so on.../li lierasing the Home directory is simply not enough (see above)/li lias @Petruza already told - the only way is wipe the whole HDD and reinstall the OS X./li /ul  <answer15129> Another user had a similar question - so do check out the answers there.  How to install apps to Snow Leopard after a fresh reinstall and still keep the MacBook in a pre-first-boot state?  In a nutshell - you can make a "test" account to delete the personal information and apps you wish to not transfer. You can then run all updates and leave things just as you wish and restore a first boot experience to the new buyer.  Do remember to deauthorize iTunes on that machine, unpair bluetooth and networks / forget network passwords. If you wish to be exceptionally thorough, you might delete old log files and crash reports. The console app will let you poke around and see if any cause you concern. I wouldn't just delete the entire directory (as some of these directories have special permissions and the system will fail in hard to realize and fix ways if the directory containing a log file is missing.) Typically the log file itself will get recreated at next boot, but the programs that maintain the files generally assume the directories have been set up properly and they won't make entire directories. Just realize you are mucking around in the bowels of the unix system my modifying or deleting these files and directories may make the mac you sell less stable or cause issues to the new owner who may be ill equipped to solve.  <answer42006> When we sell our old macs at work on, I use a data shredder and do a clean install of the OS. Seems to work, not had any complaints so far  <comment16372> Good points on the logfile database. I don't know if any of my mac have ever logged an email address (I just checked several) but mobile me acccount names and other things are certainly logged by default. Whatever method of wiping you prefer before a reinstall can also be done as `srm` and erase free space in Disk Utility. I guess it's a personal call - is it faster for you to clean around the apps you wish to leave, or wipe once and reinstall / update those apps. I can see how one is faster for some but no universal best option. <comment16373> Perhaps this would be better commenting that most software is licensed for one user and not deleting the software from a machine you no longer posses and keeping the software might have legal consequences. Unless you or the questioner have actual legal advice appropriate for the location of the poster - the safe bet is to erase the mac and only leave software installed that you are selling with the machine. <comment16374> Do consider two things. If you are selling a machine to someone without the media to reinstall and properly own that app - what happens if they have a crash or make a mistake? Do the right thing by making really sure the buyer understands exactly what they are getting. Also think about doing the right thing by the people that made the software you are selling. Any software you bought almost certainly has a license calling out what you are supposed to do in this case. Check with a lawyer if you're not sure what you own and what you only have a license to use. <comment16383> /var/log/maillog - logging email recepients but only when using internal smtp. (not a common case - but anyway) :) <comment16386> Shazam! didn't even think of setting up smtp. It goes to show how complicated logging can be - especially with the new log databases and not the old flat files of yore. <comment16397> @bmike considering the licensing and recovery points you make here, it is clear that trying to "bundle" the installed software is wrong.  With this in mind, I'll accept @petruza's answer since it provides the clearest approach to erasing data :-) <comment16399> Thanks for your response, this is the kind of information I was originally seeking, but I've been convinced that wiping the machine is the best choice since "bundling" my installed applications was a bad idea for several reasons... <comment16427> :-) @petruza's answer is very good - glad you have lots to choose from. You can always sell the original OS CD and bundled software with the mac. Just don't keep a copy for yourself and you're fine. <comment16834> very interesting... but to play on the safe side, I'd rather have a simple solution to zero-out as a first step. <comment187568> @bmike "Check with a lawyer"?  Seriously?