How do I change a calendar's color in iOS 4.2.1? <body> This is very similar to this question however the only problem is that I'm running solely Windows OS on my PC.  I also only sync with google calendars and that's all.  However, it appears the sync doesn't match the calendar colors.  Is there anyway to synchronize or directly change colors on the iPod/iPhone?  <answer7851> A partial-workaround is suggested on this Google thread:     There is a workaround that solved the problem for me.      The iPhone assigns calendar colours in   this order: red, orange, blue, green,   purple (then repeats that cycle). So   the first step is to switch off   Exchange syncing for Calendars in the   iPhone settings then go into the   m.google.com/sync web app and just   enable one of your calendars. Then   re-enable Exchange syncing. Now you'd   think it would colour that first one   red and it may do in your case but for   me it coloured the first calendar   orange, possibly because I had some   other local calendars already on the   iPhone.      If it colours your chosen calendar   with a colour you were not expecting,   just start again (disable   Exchange/change sync settings and   re-enable) and take whatever colour it   chose as the starting point in that   cycle above. Once you've got the first   calendar/colour combination working as   you like, go back into   m.google.com/sync and select the   calendar you want to go with the next   colour in the cycle. Wait a few   minutes. Check that it's showing up as   expected in the calendar app. And then   go back to m.google.com/sync and   repeat. If you take this one calendar   at a time approach, you can assign   colours as you want them, except of   course you will face problems if you   have say three green calendars and no   purple ones...   <answer59115> I just opened calendars in google on my laptop. Changed the colour of it there. Then just clicked the sync button on my iPod in the list of calendars. The colours and name changes just synced. I have iOS 5.1  <comment8541> weird. tho I'm on mac, ical and google calendar have the exact same colors and nobody picked them. but, unlike the answer on the other question suggests, on my iphone the colors are all different! I have never even noticed this before. <comment68129> While not exactly what I wanted, this was good to know. <comment68130> This question was mainly for iOS 4.2.  5.1 Appears to have native support for this now. <comment68135> This worked for me to get my iPad's colors to match my assigned Google calendars -- and i was impatient and didn't wait but a minute (if that) between processes and it worked fine. I had to keep track of my colors the first time to determine how they were loading. I also have some colors that I use more than once and some I only want to use once so to "skip over" a color that I no longer needed i created "dummy" calendars that I when we were all done. <comment85663> For people that might upgrade to iOS 5 - this question may help solve this issue. http://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/27747/how-can-i-change-the-colors-of-calendars-on-ios5