iPhone asks for Mac password <body> During iPhone update to iOS 10.3.1, I was asked for my password using the correct machine name for my Mac mini. To be clear, the request was not for my iCloud password, my actual local user account password for MacOS.  I could not find any information about this kind of access. Is this iCloud? 2FA? This is the first time I can think of that I entered a desktop password outside of that actual desktop.  I don't have a screen shot but I recall an implication that some files in my Mac are encrypted and need my password. '... need to enter the password for .'   Are there settings I can I control this assuming it's a legitimate part of iCloud setup process or iOS setup process?  More info:  I use Two-Factor authentication.  Edit:  I've also contacted apple (via mail) asking about this.  <answer280155> When you reset all settings or restore a backup from iCloud (or set up a device as new), the Keychain / iCloud and local USB trust pairings are removed and you should be prompted to trust the Mac when it connects to your iPhone.  ul lihttps://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202778/li /ul  After the trust setting dialog pops up (if you are connected over USB), there is now a screen that asks you to enter your iCloud password to finish setting up the iOS device. I have not seen the follow on passcode/password page ever until today. In my case, it wanted the passcode on another iPad and not a Mac ( I have two iPads, an iPhone, Apple Watch, two Mac connected to my iCloud account as primary accounts / keychain sync enabled on all).  h2Enter Passcode for Other iPad/h2     Access to your account is protected by the passcode for "iPad". Your passcode is encrypted and cannot be read by Apple.   In my case, the iPad in question is named iPad Air 2 and there's a blue link with the text "Forgot iPad Air 2 passcode?" Tapping that lets me select another device to enter a passcode. I then selected my Mac Pro and the text changes to:  h2Enter Mac Pro Password/h2     Access to your account is protected by the password for "Mike's Mac Pro". Your passcode is encrypted and cannot be read by Apple.   I do have two step authentication enabled for my iCloud account so this seems a legitimate change that Apple has implemented recently to secure backups and/or joining a "new" device or OS to the keychain syncing / trust chain.  After entering the password, there was a long delay (the iPad screen went dark) and the next step was the iCloud Keychain dialog which also was slow to continue when I tapped that.  <answer287951> I had a similar password request and I have a screen shot.  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/Zogy6.png" alt="enter image description here"  This seems very strange to me. They could send me identification codes to all the devices but why do they ask for a password of a different device? Unless I see an official document by apple, I will not enter any passwords. I do not use icloud anyway.  This request comes without connecting to the mac.  So, here is the solution: Just press: "I forgot the password". The phone will warn you that all the top secret info in the cloud will be deleted. But if you do not have anything in the cloud you can safely ignore this. After this everything is fine. I think apple is a little bit confusing with asking for things it does not need (in cases of users that do not use icloud).  <comment352331> Sounds fishy. Do you have a screen shot? How did the wording explain it wanted a "desktop password"? <comment352338> @bmike. Wording was actually using the correct name I use for the MacMini. Something to do with some files in my Mac are encrypted and need my password. '... need to enter the password for my Mac name.' Wish I had a screenshot. The phone was during the after install setup, the 'few more steps' before I could use the phone. <comment352341> There was no word of pairing or 'Trust' (which I'm familiar with). I've been searching the web for photos of update setup, iCloud 2FA, desktop, mac, just about every relevant word I could think of. Could not find that specific screen. <comment352342> I learned something new today - this wasn't in place last time I restored a device. It sure seems legitimate now that I've reproduced it. <comment352344> That's it! Brilliant!