How to use a custom text editor (like Emacs.app or MacVim) in Xcode 4? <body> In Xcode 3 we could change file type settings, like indicated below:     h2Using External Text Editors with Xcode/h2      There are lots of text editors available on Mac OS X. If you shelled   out good money for a text editor, you want to use it to edit your   source code instead of Xcode's editor. How do you tell Xcode to use   your desired text editor to edit your source code files?      Choose Xcode  Preferences to open Xcode's preferences window. There   is a toolbar at the top of the window with many buttons. Click the   File Types button. From here you can assign the editor to use for lots   of file types.      Initially there will be two items: file and folder. Click the   disclosure triangle next to file. Click the disclosure triangle next   to text because you're interested in text editing. The two most   interesting subcategories are sourcecode and scripts.      When you come across a file type you want to edit with your text   editor, select the Preferred Editor column for that file type. A menu   will pop up. Choose External Editor. If your text editor does not   appear in the submenu, choose Other. Navigate to the location of your   text editor, and click the OK button. Repeat these steps for every   file type you want to edit with your text editor.      Now when you double-click a source code file in Xcode's project   window, it will open in your text editor.   But there are no settings for using external editor with Xcode 4.  Is there any way to use custom text editors with Xcode (such as Emacs.app or MacVim)?  <answer60020> There is not really a setting with in Xcode 4 to configure external editors as there use to be in Xcode 3.   The workaround is to set up your preferred text editor to open the file types that you want.  And then right click on a source file in Xcodes Project Navigator and select strong"Open with External Editor..."/strong  This suggestion of using "Open with External Editor..." at first will probably just open in Xcode a standalone window, since by default Xcode will probably be set to the default application for opening programming source files.    strongSet up your preferred application/s to open source files with./strong   For example for each kind of source files such as strong.c .h .m/strong you want to edit in your preferred editor. Open a Finder Window/s that contains each type of file you want to set your preferred editor for.  ol liRight click on a source file/li liSelect "Get Info"/li liExpand the "Open With:" section and select your preferred text editor to something other than Xcode./li liPress the Change All... button./li /ol  Now when you select "Open with External Editor..." in Xcode it should open the source file in your preferred external editor.  