How do I fix Late 2006 iMac black screen after Apple logo and spinning gear? <body> I received this computer from a friend who had given up on it. After spending a couple days researching online for a fix, I finally found one that worked, albeit temporarily.  I connected the iMac to my MBP using target disk mode, navigated to code/Library/Preferences/code, found the codecom.apple.loginwindow.plist/code file and dragged it to the trash. Then I emptied the trash, unmounted the iMac's HD by dragging it to the trash, and restarted. Success! The computer started up normally and I arrived at the desktop. It was running 10.6.3, so I updated to 10.6.8, restarted, then installed 10.7.2 Lion, updated to 10.7.5, installed a couple apps (GraphicConverter and Opera) and then changed my Energy Saver preferences to never let the computer or screen sleep.  I had read somewhere doing this will sometimes keep the problem from reappearing. So, thinking all was well, I went to bed for the night. The next morning the screen was frozen, accepting no input from keyboard or mouse. So I did a hard reset, and was rewarded with the original problem reappearing.  Thinking okay, I know how to deal with this, I'll just remove the prefs file again. So I did, but like an idiot forgot to unmount the iMac before shutting it down and restarting. It started up and again went to black screen after the Apple Logo.  I've tried all the different fixes and none have worked. I wiped the iMacs HD and installed Lion on an external USB HD but the same thing happens using that drive as well. So now I'm here. Hopefully there's something I can do.  The next step I'm contemplating is replacing the iMac's HD.  Any input at all will be greatly appreciated!  iMac, Mac OS X (10.7.2), 2.16 Ghz C2D, 3 GB RAM, 250 GB HD   Ok heres a list of the fixes Ive tried:  Resetting pram  SMC reset  Starting in safe mode  Starting in single user mode  Starting up with the 10.6.3 DVD  Starting up with the recovery HD partition  Starting up with an external USB drive that had Lion installed  Starting up with the recovery partition on the USB drive  Removed and replaced RAM:  Tried with a single 1 GB stick installed, then one 1 GB and one 2 GB stick. Then only a 2 GB stick.  Tried starting up with one of the original 512 MB sticks in slot 0, then slot 1. Then did the same with the other original 512 MB stick.   Using the command "diskutil info disk0 | grep -i smart" returned "Unable to run because unable to use the DiskManagement framework. etc. etc."  Starting up holding the d key doesn't do anything.   Starting up with the Lion install image on an external Firewire drive doesn't work. Went blank after 2 minutes of spinner.  Now Im going to install Lion onto the firewire drive and see if it'll start from that. Will update with results after.  Update: It didn't work. I'm stuck.  I don't understand...if its a corrupted file on the HD, why can't it start with the DVD? Doesn't the DVD have an uncorruptible version of the file?  Update: After replacing the HD in the iMac didn't help, I did some more research and came up with this problem being addressed in a firmware update.I downloaded the Firmware Restoration CD 1.4 but unfortunately haven't been able to get the machine to accept the disk. I followed the instructions (hold power button until hearing 3 beeps then insert cd) but instead of 3 beeps I get 1 long beep and then the chime and startup.Is there any other way way to get the iMac to accept the cd?  <comment339171> I am 99.9% certain that the reason _the same thing happens using that drive as well_ is because the iMac is **not** booting up from the USB HD at all, it's still trying to boot from the internal drive. You can give up on getting a 2006 iMac to boot from USB altogether. Unfortunately, saying _I've tried all the different fixes and none have worked_ doesn't actually help us to help you, because we can't second guess what you have or haven't tried? For example, have you run diagnostics on your hardware (hard drive, RAM, etc)? Have you tried starting in Safe Mode? Etc, etc. Can you please clarify? <comment339244> Please post the output of the following command:  `diskutil info disk0 | grep -i smart`.  Also, try running [Apple Hardware Test (AHT)](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201257).  Hold the D key while booting from a powered off state with the AC adapter connected.