Mac OS Sierra, tried to create Windows 10 partition (Bootcamp), now no longer working <body> I have an Macbook Air 2015 (128GB ssd) upon which I am trying to install Windows 10 on an additional partition.  My OSX is currently using about 35 GB, and I thought to reserve 50GB for windows, leaving another 35GB free for osx.  I then downloaded the 64bit windows 10 iso, tossed it into BootCamp Assistant, and hit 'go'. It started to work and quickly the bar progressed to about a quarter of the way. 45 minutes, it's still there (exactly on the pixel). I start googling if it's supposed to take that long, apparently not, try to quit Bootcamp but it won't let me. I then hit restart and try again. Bunch of errors, try disk utility.  First aid on the OSX partition: no problem.br First aid on the drive: "First Aid found corruption that needs to be repaired. To repair the startup volume, run First Aid from Recovery."  So I boot into recovery and run it again. This time something about the core size not being correct. Tells me to "run whole-disk repair" but googling that results in basically nothing.  I then try to mess with partitions, but whatever I do nothing changes when I hit apply.  I now have a "Free Space" partition of 58 GB, and an OSX partition of 62 GB.  I want this to become a Windows partition of (~)50 GB, and the rest ( (~)70 GB) for OSX.  To be clear - the mac is still working fine, I'm typing this on it right now. I just have a slightly smaller drive than I used to, because almost 60 GB is inaccessible.  I can easily nuke the drive and reinstall osx as all of my files are either in the cloud (dropbox) or not important and can be downloaded elsewhere, but it seems there should be an easier solution. Can you help me find it?  <comment345839> The easier solution was not to partition for Boot Camp *anywhere other than in Boot Camp Assistant.* [Paragon Hard Disk Manager](https://www.paragon-software.com/home/hdm-mac/) could probably fix this - however, there are some users on here who could knit you a new drive if you gave them the wool. See if one of them picks this up. Be prepared to provide a lot of additional info. <comment345840> I actually did do the partitioning in Boot Camp (which took so frigging long and I restarted the mac because of it)... I'll have a look at Paragon, see if that does anything helpfull. Thanks! <comment345841> Make sure you have the Mac partition backed up - just in case. [& sorry, that wasn't clear, it just happens to so many people who try to do it from Disk Util etc.. or worse still, in Windows  :/ <comment345842> Right, I can't do a single thing with Paragon except viewing stuff. <comment345843> You can't fix the drive you're booted from. That also applies for running the whole-disk repair. You need a boot USB.