Dell WD15 Dock with 2017 MacBook Pro <body> I have a 2017 MacBook pro w/ touchbar and the Dell WD 15 dock (work issued it to me). The dock has thunderbolt, HDMI, and VGA on the back. A single USB-C cable comes off of the dock.  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/clCFL.png" alt="enter image description here"  The issue I have noticed is that if all three of my monitors are plugged into the dock, the Mac only recognizes them as a single monitor so its just 3 monitors mirroring my MacBook.  Currently, I had to solve this by using a dongle for two of the monitors, leaving only one hooked up to the dock.  This is not that ideal, for cable management and the fact that USB-C is supposed to be able to handle multiple monitors.  Are there any driver updates or hacks I can apply in order to get these monitors to be independent and not show up as a single monitor? Is this an Apple limitation in place or something else?  <answer294026> First off the dock actually does not have Thunderbolt as you write - it is instead a mini-DisplayPort connector. Dell has a much similar product called TB15 which has Thunderbolt support. The WD15 does not. Note that TB15 was discontinued/recalled because of stability issues, and a newer product named TB16 is now available.  Dell does not support macOS for this product, so they do not express any guarantee that it is supposed to work with your MBP running macOS.  Dell writes on their support page (linked below) that the dock does not support 3 monitors in "extended mode" (i.e. each monitor is independent). With a 3rd display connected via VGA that display will always be in "clone mode" (i.e. just a mirror of another monitor).  http://www.dell.com/support/article/us/en/19/sln296829/how-to-use-and-troubleshoot-the-dell-dock-wd15?lang=en  This seems to be a hardware limitation, and thus no driver changes or software hacks will ever allow you to run 3 independent displays.  In addition to this, your MacBook Pro does not support MST (multi-stream transport) via the USB-C cable you plug in. MST is required for this dock's "extended mode" to work even with just two monitors.  I would recommend buying a dock that specifically supports your Mac. For example the Belkin Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock HD, although it will still only allow connecting 2 ordinary (i.e. non USB DisplayLink) monitors to the dock. 