Advice on Profile Manager Needed <body> Hey fellow Mac Admins!  This is my first time posting here or anywhere on reddit but I need some help and this seemed like a reasonable place to turn. Here is my situation:  I work for a large fortune 20 company that has over 40,000 Windows 7 and Windows 10 computers in a mature Active Directory environment. I am the only Mac support for about 300 or so Mac computers and a number of iOS devices. I am looking to manage the Mac devices and get them working correctly and securely in the environment.   I have essentially $0 budget so things like Casper or Centrify are out. With that in mind I have the following goals:  ul liBe able to secure the Macs and limit what the users can do/li liBe able to push updates to those settings on demand/li liBe able to segregate these restrictions on a per user or group basis/li liControl software update/li liIssue user certificates from our Active Directory certificate servers/li liPush software to machines both VPP and non-VPP/li /ul  We already use Symantec's Altiris in our Windows environment and have it installed and working on the Macs so part of #6 is already taken care of.  Since I have no budget I decided that OS X Server will do just about everything that I need it to do via Profile Manager. I was able to setup a test server and create a general Device Group profile. This group locks down a number of features and joins the machines to our AD environment without any issues. Auto updates to this profile push fine and without issues.  The issue comes with user based profiles however. It does not matter if I assign the profile to an individual user or an AD group the profile never pushes. I mean it never even tried to push. No error no nothing. If I manually download the profile and activate it, it works fine and its set to automatically push. I know that Apple Push Notifications are working because A) the device profiles work and b) i verified with a few tools.  So what am I missing here. I really need user profiles to push when the user logs in. In speaking with my local Apple business team they assure me that this should be possible but since my org won't pay for a service contract with them.... yea. Any advice would be appreciated here. I am sure I left out details so let me know what other info y'all need to help out.  Thanks in Advance,  Ed 