Typing grows increasingly sluggish in iMac G4 Tiger <body> At first, text starts out fairly effortless to produce but you get dropped letters occasionally. But it starts to feel like the frequency of non-registering keystrokes gets bigger as the document gets filled with more text. After about half an hour or so, the text feels so sticky that I have to deliberately try to type very carefully and slowly to get the text to come out emcorrectly/em. ​But this is not a way to work as I need to be able to type a lot of text as fast as I can. (i.e. why type slower than your thoughts and fingers can manage?)  At first I thought that it would've been a keyboard hardware issue; After all, I cleaned the quite dirty keyboard thoroughly after a previous owner but then started thinking that perhaps they had spilled something sugary onto the keyboard and it would then mess with the circuits. But by plugging in my main computer's slim Apple keyboard which works perfectly, the issue is replicated, thus, it's a software thing after all. I checked the accessibility keyboard settings and settings such as 'sticky keys' etc. weren't active. On another forum, I found people who had also had a similar experience (TextEdit) so it genuinely is a thing, but so far I haven't found a solution or how to even troubleshoot. I'd very much welcome any tips or ideas.  strongA holistic description of the circumstances is as follows:/strong  ul liThe iMac is connected to the router with an ethernet cable. Airport is off./li liOS9 is installed, some odd little old games too. Quite minimal software, no obvious daemons or software that would occupy space in the menu bar./li liI have used ssh in iMac’s terminal to log into my main computer which is in the other room, and I am using the iMac’s spherical speakers to listen to a playlist that I have shared from the main computer in iTunes. Not the entire library is shared, only a few playlists./li liI am writing in FocusWriter, with a self made theme that includes a custom background image and a non-default font./li /ul 