Installing Windows7 On MacbookPro6,2 macOS Sierra <body> I am having issues installing windows 7 on my macbook pro, mid 2010 15inch model. The model number is MacBookPro6,2 from the System Information tool.  I am using rufus to prepare a flash drive from a Windows7 Ultimate 64-bit iso I created from the install DVD I bought online (with a valid CD key).  I chose to use the MBR UEFI formatting option and kept the name the same as the iso title name.   When I try to boot to this flash drive (using the Option key) I can see "EFI boot" which should be the option I want. When I select this option, it attempts to boot, and starts loading windows files and the progress bar starts to move.   The issue is that when the progress bar gets to the end, it doesn't progress anywhere (even after leaving it for 8 hours). The activity LED on my flash drive isn't lit, so I know that the flash drive has stopped being accessed (and removing the flash drive does nothing). I am forced to hold the power button to turn off my Macbook. I have tried this a few times, to no avail.  I have tried the CSM / EFI mode, but anytime I boot to the flash drive using the MBR option (the non EFI one) my screen flickers and I get some image tearing and am presented with the grey macOS boot account selection screen (except the bottom half still shows a static image of the boot selection menu that is given to me when pressing Option). I'm assuming something odd happened and it can't boot MBR.   I have also tried the boot DVD in an external DVD drive (my internal has an issue) with the same effect.  The latest Bootcamp Assistant only supports Windows10 now (it used to support 7 until I upgraded my macOS). I prefer to avoid Windows10 due to privacy and reliability reasons (I don't want it updating at random intervals or installing software I know is incompatible).  I have a partition (formatted as FAT) to use as the windows 7 destination boot volume that I created with Disk Utility.   Is there a step or procedure I'm missing? Is there a way to "trick" the bootcamp assistant into working with windows 7 again?  I tried this page to try and trick it (to no avail): Make bootcamp Work With El Capitan And Windows 7  From that guide, I did not have the "DARequiredROMVersions" node, so I created it as an array type and added my ROM value.   Any information on this issue?  [X-Posted from stack-exchange due to wrong location] 