How to make OS X Server 3 accessible from the internet? <body> I am trying to setup an OS X server so that I can see it from outside of my internal network.  I have OS X Mavericks with the Server app installed as a VM for testing purposes right now. It has access to the internet and I can browse it from my local Macs on the network.  I would like to be able to set it up as a basic web server to which I can set up a website or a small cloud backup etc.  I have various domain names which I use for my website and I could repurpose one of these or purchase a new one if needed.  I tried just turning on the Websites option which didn't work, I did have a play around with the DNS options adding in the IP of my domain etc but didn't get anywhere.  Do I need anything else besides a Mac with OS X Server and a domain name? Or am I missing something completely?  I am fairly technical but this is a bit out of my depths here I have done my google searching but everything I seem to find is always based to set up a local web host or within a corporate network.  If anyone can point me in the right directions I would appreciate it.  <answer174158> Essentially you have to make your server accessible behind a router  with a frequently changing IP-adress with a fixed fqdn for the router and forward all http/https requests from the WAN to the OS X VM in the LAN.  ol liSet up dynamic DNS:  ul liGet an arbitrary name from a dynamic DNS service provider (like Dyn (not free) or NO-IP (free))  /li lior depending on your hosting service and the access level you have, set up your own DDNS service/li /ul/li liSet up a DDNS client on your OS X Server/li liSet up your OS X Server VM with a fixed IP/li liSet up and check port-forwarding (default is 80/443) on your Airport Express (some firmware versions seem to be buggy) to the OS X Server VM./li liAccess your home web server  from the internet with the chosen fqdn (e.g. (www.)myserver.no-ip.com)./li liConsider setting up some countermeasures against evil attackers./li /ol  <comment202558> Please add some facts about your network setup. Which kind of connection do you have (e.g DSL, Cable etc) and do use a router? Do you have a permanent or changing IP. <comment202652> OSX Mavericks running as a VM with access to the internet, Dynamic IP from BT, Apple Airport express dishing out the IPs <comment205188> Thank you @klanomath, that all seems to be working, simple easy instructions, had a bit of an issue with the port forwarding but got it accessible from the outside world.