Google Inbox as a standalone app via Chrome <body> Google Inbox recently added compatibility with Safari and yet still does not play nice with Fluid.  I decided I might as well use Chrome. Google recently improved the way "desktop app extensions" work by giving them their own independent icons in Applications and Launchpad.   Unfortunately, this is acting like a glorified bookmark, rather than a standalone app. I.e., it opens with a toolbar and opens the site as a tab. I tried exploring the "contents" of the application icon Google creates. I found a plist but could not figure out if there was away to force the app to open an independent standalone Chrome window.  Any ideas on how I could modify the app to act less like a bookmark and more like a standalone desktop app ?   <answer197681> Akmal has released Chrome App that does exactly this. You could take a look at his code to see how he's done it.  I would mention that he is running the webview through scan.me, so getting analytics to how many people are visiting it.  <answer226821> This script will create an app from a website for you.   There is either an instalator or a shell script to enter the name, icon and url for your app to be shown in your default browser without toolbars. It opens in a separate profile user profile so you will have to login again  there. If you need an extensions for that profile you need to add them in a new tab which opens in a new window.   <answer228356> You can try the free wrappers WMail or gInbox.  <comment225665> I know that Chrome apps depend on Google Chrome to be running but you say that they opens in a new tab, like a webpage. When I open a Google Chrome app, for example Chrome Remote Desktop, it opens in a new window and behaves more like an application, but I requires Google Chrome to run in the background. <comment225784> That is a native desktop app. They do function like you say, the pocket app for example. But then they also have these desktop website apps without that capability. inbox for example. <comment225812> I don't think there is a way to convert those apps to act like a desktop application. I think they are more like links. In those apps that opens like a tab, is there any offline data or are they relying on web content for everything?