How to get applications to recognize non-hardware serial port? <body> This is to a large extent the same question as Creating a virtual serial port.  The gist is that every application that interacts with serial ports seems to only be able to see ports of the format /dev/cu.. It gets worse, though: between socat and some careful symlinking, I've set up a tty in the format /dev/cu.*, with exactly the same permissions as as the other pipes of the same format. It doesn't show up in any application.  Further, when I tried deleting an old serial port of that form, and then symlinking my socat port to that, it shows up AND transfers data to applications (without even fixing permissions). This leads me to suspect that there's some kind of master list of 'approved' serial ports, because that would be a very Apple thing to do.  How can I get around this? Deleting old serial ports to use their 'slot' isn't always feasible.  tags: serial, application, /dev/cu, virtual serial port, socat  <comment358612> What type of application are you talking about here? You say "any application", but you must have tried some specific ones? - Are they Cocoa applications, command line programs, or? <comment358615> good point! So far I've tried a couple of serial terminal emulators, CoolTerm and Serial Tools, and Max, which is the important one, since I aim to get data into it this way. They all list the same set of serial devices. <comment358739> Perhaps it is good idea to describe what you're _really_ trying to accomplish instead of asking about the serial ports. It seems you're trying to use "hobby projects" and that might be the simple cause of your problems. Using the right tool for the job could make this issue non-existent. <comment358774> Ok, I'm trying to pipe data from an Intersense IC4 position tracker into Max, the easiest way of doing that I know being a serial device that Max can read from. The IC4 also communicates over serial, but has a C API, and I'd rather not try to backtrack through that to figure out how to format direct serial requests to the device. So I'm writing a middleman application to push the data over a serial port to Max. Which doesn't recognize the serial ports that are readily available. <comment358809> And what is "Max"? Can you give a link to that software, or describe what it is? Please be very specific in describing the system. I can see that the IC4 box comes with either USB or RS-232 connections. I assume you have one with USB, since you're not using a real RS-232 connection? - And now you have some proprietary software running on the Mac which sends out a serial protocol, which you're using socat to pipe into a virtual serial port for some other software to read?