MacBook does not boot, the same drive boots well in a Mac mini <body> One day, my MacBook Pro ("Core i5" 2.5 13" Mid-2012) didn’t boot up. It can be powered on and asks for a user account password, because the system hard drive is FileVault encrypted. Then, after about 30-60 seconds, when the progress bar reaches about ¾ of its length, the user profile image changes to a “forbidden” sign ⊘ and the progress bar disappears.  Recovery mode was taking extremely long to launch. The Disk Utility could not even launch – there was a spinning wheel in its window, no drives showing up in the sidebar.  My first tip was that the hard drive (Crucial M4 SSD) might be corrupt or that the macOS install or the encryption is botched somehow. However, when I plug the drive via USB to SATA adapter to a Mac mini ("Core i5" 2.5 (Late 2012)) with a very similar hardware configuration, macOS boots perfectly fine.  My second tip was that the logic board might be faulty – it’s a refurbished one that I’ve bought on eBay and installed by myself. However, I tried to install macOS Sierra on an older non-SSD drive (Hitachi 7K500-500) and the installation completed sucessfully. It didn’t take any longer that I’d expect, there were no errors and the system booted and worked perfectly. Even after encryption of this drive, the system was still bootable.  I then tried to make a fresh install of macOS on that SSD that stopped working in my MacBook. There was the same problem as with the Recovery Mode: The Disk Utility hung up at launch with an endlessly spinning wheel. Running codediskutil list/code from the installer Terminal could not get past the internal drive, listing only all previous (virtual and external) drives and then only the headers and the EFI partition of the internal one, hanging for eternity.  The same happened when I tried installing macOS using the Internet Recovery. Without using the Disk Utility, the installer either could not find the drive at all or the download was so slow (even on a working and reasonably fast Internet connection) that it would take days to finish. The Apple Hardware Test run with the “extended” flag enabled found no errors.  Now I am kind of stuck not knowing how to go further with the diagnosis. If the hard-drive or the macOS installation was bad, it wouldn’t boot up in another computer. If the logic board or cable were faulty, it wouldn’t install and boot from another hard drive.  My further tips would be to try boot the SSD up not as an internal drive, but using the USB adapter. This might possibly point to the drive control unit of the logic board, failure of which might result in that it works well with a conventional drive, but not with an SSD. But these are only assumptions on a verge of prophecies. I also might give a try to writing the SSD dd image to the older working drive to see whether it would boot up when put inside. That would more or less confirm the same as the formerly stated experiment.  My question obviously is: Does anybody has some similar experience that might point me in a right direction to make my MacBook working again? Which piece of hardware might be failing? What can I try or test to find out more?  I’ve considered giving the MacBook to a third-party mac repair service, but I’d have to give them hard-drive too, probably even with its encryption key. I do not want to do that since I need my macOS install for work and the drive contains company confidential data. (Moving the personal data out might be an option.) I am probably going do that if I’d manage to boot my macOS installation (dd’ing the image from the SSD to the other drive) on the Mac mini. But prior to that I wanted to try asking for an advice here.  Thanks in advance for any suggestions. 