How do make a link open in a specific Safari window in macOS? <body> I have multiple Safari windows for tab organization. I usually have multiple tabs in each window.  When I click on a link from an app other than Safari, it opens the link in a new tab in Safari, as Safari is my default browser.   The problem is that it often opens in a Safari window that is currently minimized or that I am currently not using. So it doesn't open the link in my main, active, current window (basically the one I have used last). Instead, it chooses its own "default window" to open links in, which may be a window I'm not even using.   However, I would like these links to emalways/em open in the window that I used last, and not in a window that I'm not using. Is it possible to make links always open in the last active window you used, or at least set the "default" window which will open new links?  I am currently running macOS Sierra 10.12.1, with the default Safari version that comes with it.   <answer260770> As a developer I researched the possibility of extensions being able to achieve what you want by always opening a strongnew/strong window when clicking a link contained outside of Safari itself. I'm sorry to say I don't think this approach is going to be possible.  Unfortunately, Safari does not give extensions a way to determine the strongorigin/strong of a new tab/window. What I mean by this is that a new tab can be created because the user clicks a link in an email, command-clicks a link in Safari, opens a Safari bookmark while holding down Command, clicks a link within a PDF document, or any one of several other actions that will open a page in a new tab. Regardless of the method, Safari does not provide emhow/em the window was opened to a Safari extension.  Since all these events look the same, no extension can force links from outside Safari to open in new windows without also affecting links opened in other ways (including while browsing within Safari).  <answer281335> Although it doesn't natively open in your desired window, you can always grab the tab and reposition it to another safari window directly after it has opened.   Not sure if this helps or not, just a suggestion.   <comment325685> You will need to provide more info in order for the community to help you. As your question currently stands, we have no idea whether you're talking about Safari in an iOS device or on a Mac? Also, what OS are you using? That is, if it's macOS, is it macOS Sierra, El Capitan, etc? If it's an iPhone, are you running iOS 10, iOS 9, something else? Regardless, please provide the exact version. And, if it's a Mac, also provide the exact version of Safari you're running. <comment325753> You're absolutely right, I forgot about all of that. I'll update the question! <comment325755> You said "_this is the one when all the other windows are closed, and is in the foreground_", did you mean to say _minimized_ not _closed_? <comment325756> @user3439894 ugh, updated the question again to be clearer. <comment325757> I believe the answer is going to be no, it is not possible to set the "default" window which will open new links in when initialed by another app. <comment325763> @user3439894 unfortunately that seems to be the case. However, maybe someone might know of a tweak that may allow one to do something about it :) <comment325847> I have a few questions. (1) Is Safari your preferred browser, or are you flexible on this? (2) Assuming Safari is your preferred browser, does it also have to be your default browser? (3) If there was a way to force Safari to always open an external link (i.e. one from another app) in a new window, would that suffice? (4) Does it have to be a free solution, or would you be willing to pay for one (assuming the cost was reasonable)? <comment325874> (1) Yes, personally I prefer Safari (though other people might differ on this, I don't know if that was the intention behind the bounty; indeed, I don't know why a bounty was given!) (2) Yes, it should preferably be the default browser because it's the one I want links to open it and my main browser. (3) Yes, that seems to be fine. The main source of annoyance is when it opens the link in an unused tab. (4) Yes, paying a reasonable amount should also be fine :) <comment326413> I think I have a solution. Can you please show us – step by step – how to reproduce Safari's current behavior? I (1) opened three Safari windows, (2) minimized two of them, (3) opened a note in Notes.app with a clickable URL. (4) Safari launched the URL in the open Safari window. ## Were all applications in the same space? <comment329027> @oa- I *think* I might have found out the problem. It seems like if I open the link from an application from a different space, it will open the link in the minimized window. However, if I open it from the current space, it opens it in the window in the foreground. Tested it on the Notes app. <comment354042> Thanks for the answer! The only thing is, I'm looking for an option which avoids this in the first place :)