Mac OS binding to Samba PDC <body> Does anyone join a Mac OS to Samba PDC?  My point is to build a single domain for different clients (win xp, win 7, mac os 10.6) with home folders and roaming profiles.  I see 2 posible solutions: 1. Win binds to Samba PDC, Mac binds to OpenLDAP. In this case, OpenLDAP requires some schemas (see down this topic). And i don't know how to manage this. 2. All clients bind to Samba Domain. Mac client thinks it join to AD, and doesn't need something else. As i found, mac requires Kerberos.   I've installed Ubuntu Server 10.04 + OpenLDAP + Samba PDC + Gosa (for managment). It works fine with windows clients, but macintosh machines don't want to bind for some reasons: 1. Binding to OpenLDAD. It requires some apple schemes. When i try to add converted schemas from mac os (/etc/openldap/schema/apple.schema) it says i haven't necessary objectClasses. As i understood it needs apple samba schema, but i have already installed own schemes. 2. Binding to Samba PDC as AD  It requires Kerberos. In this case i don't know what should i do? How should i install it: as a backend for samba, where should i hold principal base, etc...?  ps: Own mac os x 10.6 server works fine with mac clients through Open Directory (OpenLDAP variant). But win clients with Samba don't work for some reasons...  <answer130241> Chapter 8 of Apple's Open Directory Admin 10.6 manual describes in great detail the operations you wish to complete. Also, skimming the table of contents for the word "bind" will also reveal information useful to you. Further, the dsconfigad man page will also help you accomplish your goal. There are easy instructions on how to use dsconfigad here. You can also achieve what you are attempting using the Directory Utility in your /Applications/Utilities folder. There are easy instructions on how to use the Directory Utility here, and it lists the prerequisites each Mac needs to bind to such a network. Also, flushing the DNS cache might do the trick:   precode dscacheutil -flushcache /code/pre 