How to re-install an OS on Mac <body> My friend has a Mac book pro. I'm afraid I know nothing else about it.  For reasons unknown, and I dare not ask, she decided to rub a magnet over it, beside the touch pad.   She heard a strange noise, and powered it off. Then, when turning on, she just saw a question mark on the screen.  I'm guessing she's either wiped or destroyed the SSD. However, she's asked me to restore it and I know nothing about this.   Whilst my research shows me that files may have been synced to the Cloud (the cloud? Surely they mean to a server, using the technologies which have been available for years). But it doesn't state if the OS is backed up.  The computer didn't come with any discs.   On a Windows PC (which I have little experience with), I know that some times the OS isn't included but the serial number is, so you can get an ISO and re-install it that way.  Other PC's include the installation files on a partitioned hard drive.  My question is, is there a uniformed way Apple supply the OS with Mac products (unlike PC's)? If so, what is it?  <answer130062> Restore OSX using strongOSX Recovery/strong. To do so, hold CMD+R at the boot chime. If the recovery partition has been wiped as well, you will need to restore using strongInternet Recovery/strong: CMD+ OPT+ R at the chime.   From either, select "Reinstall OSX" from the pane you are presented with.   <answer130063> The question mark comes up when the start up files have been messed up.  I do not know if you can repair the Magnet damage but you can try to restore.  Mac's have a Restore function build in (or online)  To access start computer and hold kbdcmd/kbd-kbdr/kbd  that will bring up the restore menu.  subDepending on your computer model you might have the Internet restore option./sub  The sound you heard was the forced computer shut down.  <comment152298> simple try ...push power on and hold two keys the cmd and the letter r  that will bring up the Recovery. <comment152299> That is great. I did look for things like this - a quick search shows this is a recovery partition. I'd be able to take it from there. @Buscar웃, feel free to move to an answer