Changing Airdrop Folder <body> Is there a way to change the default Airdrop location from the Downloads folder to something else? I have changed the location of many other applications, so I assume it's possible, even is possibly taking a few lines in terminal.  <answer39475> Not easily, but you could enable Folder Actions on the Downloads folder before entering AirDrop and achieve the same effect on a more manual and case by case basis. It sure doesn't seem worth the set up unless you could somehow automate the whole sequence and were to use it many times.  In practice it might be easier to change the other programs like Mail and Safari to not use the same default Downloads folder that AirDrop does have hard coded as the save point.  <answer144136> I work for a school district and just had to do this.  The teacher receives student iMovie files for review, and I need to move this automatically from the Downloads folder to something else.  Create the folder you want files moved to.  I went into Automator (Applications folder) and created a new "Folder Action." At the top where it says "Folder Action receives files and folders added to" choose your Downloads folder.  In Library (far left) choose Files and Folders, then Filter Finder Items.  Drag this to the workflow area to the right.  In my case, I added two criteria.  Kind is movie, and File extension contains m4v.  Below "Filter Finder Items" drag Move Finder Items from the left side, and choose the new folder location.  That's it.  When someone airdrops a file that meets the criteria you set up, it should automatically move to the specified folder.  Hope this helps someone!  <answer174285> I wrote a guide to using Automator to do this on OS X Yosemite if interested. Over here. :) http://jimmyselix.blogspot.com/2015/02/apple-os-x-yosemite-and-changing.html  <answer244072> I wanted to change the default folder, but there does not appear to be a builtin way to do it. Therefore, I wrote an automator action that can be used in a folder action on your downloads folder. For example, I have one set to move any airdropped files to my Desktop. There is a binary for download at my Github repository  <comment44554> I don't have anyone to test this with, so I won't submit it as an answer unless it works, but have you tried making an alias to the location you want it to be, named whatever the Airdrop default folder is named? <comment44636> The alias would also redirect the other programs writing to Downloads, so Mark is back in the same boat of having files from multiple processes in the same location - just a different one. <comment178317> Disappointing that this isn't possible out of the box :/ I love my Mac and iOS devices, but how a simple thing like this is overlooked as a feature is frustrating.