"no bootable device" after attempting to install windows 10 using bootcamp <body> h2The Problem/h2  I have a early 2012 MacBook Pro with an i7 CPU and 512GB SSD. Every time boot it, I get the following error message:  codeno bootable device -- insert boot device and press any key/code  h2The Cause/h2  I attempted to install Windows 10 using the Bootcamp Assistant. After booting into the Windows install and getting to the place where you select a partition, I deleted the partition labeled "Bootcamp". Then, for various reasons, decided I wanted to abort the installation and boot back into Yosemite. I've never gotten past the above message since.   h2What I've tried/h2  ol liEvery keyboard sequence listed on this page.  ul liNo matter what I do, I can not get it to do anything but show the above error message./li liAll the above keyboard commands with an external keyboard just in case this made a difference./li /ul/li liI've tried clearing the PRAM and the SMC but nothing ever changes./li liBooting Windows 10 off of a DVD with my USB SuperDrive./li liBooting Windows 10 off of a USB 3 device as well as a USB 2 device.  ul liI used a USB 2 device in case there was a driver problem with USB 3./li liI created the boot drives using Rufus and the Windows 10 ISO. I used a FAT32 file system with a codeGPT partition scheme for UEFI/code./li /ul/li /ol  h2What I have not tried/h2  Booting from a Yosemite installer USB drive. I'm in Eastern Africa where my internet connection tops out a 1.5 Mbps so I'm not too excited about downloading the ~5 Gig file and creating a bootable drive. I'm concerned that this won't work either because I can't boot from any (Windows) DVD or USB drives.  h2My Theory/h2  What I think the problem is, is that the codeBootcamp/code partition that I deleted in the Windows 10 install was set as the only bootable partition. With this partition removed, the machine can't even find the UEFI BIOS to understand any of the keyboard sequences that I've tried.  This doesn't quite hold out because there are other people who have done this same thing and still been able to boot back into OS X.  h2The Question/h2  What do I try next? Will a bootable Yosemite flash drive be able to boot and rescue me?  <comment256546> I have the same issue.  Same computer (mid 2012 retina i7 512Gb, yosemite) trying to install win 10. But I have done it with a bootable flash drive (the one thing you haven't tried). Same issue.  I was able to see the EFI boot drive when I restart holding option. That actually booted fine, but was unable to proceed as I haven't set up my MBR correctly.