Fix Recursive Partition (Boot Camp Windows Partition Still Detected After Deletion) <body> I recently deleted the Windows Partition I had on my Macbook Pro (Mid 2014) which I had installed using Boot Camp. I followed the uninstall instructions in the second section of Apple's website, here.  Unfortunately, if I restart my Macbook, it automatically boots up to the "Windows partition" - which is really just a blue screen which tells me an error occurred, some files are missing, and then asks me to press F8 or Enter. Pressing either key just causes the screen to go black momentarily and then return to the original error page.  After playing around in GParted, it turns out that my Mac has a "recursive partition" on it which led to a bad partition table which in turn screwed up a lot of stuff.  How can I remove this ghost partition?  emSpecific information on my computer:/em  precodeHardware Overview:   Model Name:   MacBook Pro   Model Identifier: MacBookPro11,1   Processor Name:   Intel Core i5   Processor Speed:  2.6 GHz   Number of Processors: 1   Total Number of Cores:    2   L2 Cache (per Core):  256 KB   L3 Cache: 3 MB   Memory:   8 GB Software Overview:   OS X Yosemite   Version 10.10.2 (14C109) /code/pre  <comment204007> Welcome to Apple.SE!  Some tips: Please don't use all-caps (it is like shouting).  Please don't just add "Edit: some more stuff".  Instead, edit/rewrite the question to be self-contained and coherent and stand on its own, and to be in the form it should have been.  You don't need to preserve the original version -- we have revision history for that (see the "edited..." link below your question to view older revisions).  Readers shouldn't have to try to untangle what you're asking when there is "some stuff... Edit: Never mind, I really meant something else".  Make readers' life easy. <comment204099> @xanesis4 Please add the output of `sudo gpt -r -vvv show -l /dev/disk0` executed in Terminal and the infos you gathered with gParted to your question.