Best way to merge mp4 files <body> Got a bunch of .mp4 videos (info shows H.264 Video + AAC Audio) that are chapters of a larger video.  I'd like to merge them, but not sure which is the best way.  I don't have Quicktime Pro, but I'll get it if that's the best way to do this.  Edit: Just to clariify this is Mac OSX 10.6 I'm on.  <answer1578> You don’t specify your OS but if you have OS/X, then you probably have iLife, then you have iMovie. Merging all that with iMovie is extremely trivial. Just import the videos to iMovie and compose the final movie using all the parts you want to use.   Effects, Transitions and Captions are a bonus ;)  <answer1581> Quicktime Pro is a must-have in such situation. iMovie is great if you need a simple tool, but you may loose quality in the process.  <answer97846> Well, I'm late to the game but the best way IMHO would be to just use mp4joiner and be done with it.  It just does one thing, merging mp4 files, and does it really well and simple. Also: Free and open source and also working on Linux and even Windows.  <comment1921> Thanks, I've edited to clarify this is on OSX.  I assume this is a lossy conversion? <comment1924> If the videos are mp4 (H.264+AAC) the quality loss should be minimal (if all the videos are in the same format). However, due to the nature of what you’re trying to do, yes, since H.264 is already compressed, operating with the video and then exporting a new movie will have to recompress it. Quicktime Pro allows you to “merge” one video, but only that. You can put one after the other. Unless you’re using extremely super 1080p videos, I doubt iMovie will be a problem. <comment2148> Actually the videos are originally AVI/h.264 which I iSquinted to mp4 anyway, but I don't think iMovie supports AVI... <comment3098> Chose this answer because I tried the iMovie route and it didn't work. <comment192561> Sorry I'm too new to be able to comment or vote up. The person that noted that Quicktime pro an do this got me to thinking. My Mac Mini didn't come with the older version of Quicktime that had a pro version. I have Quicktime 10.4 and thankfully didn't have to pay for a pro upgrade. I was able to combine two MP4 files by opening the first video clip and then in the edit menu I selected add clip and selected my second part of the movie clip. Quicktime then showed a time line sort of like iTunes. Then I closed the window and it asked me if I wanted to save the combined video as another file. I sa <comment214812> There have been reports that  the app mentioned installs Spyware (PremierOpinion), so proceed with care. <comment228876> Merging with iMovie is anything but "extremely trivial". I'm trying to do it and the Share options are disabled. Also tried the Merge clips, but apparently that doesn't work with separate clips.  Maybe if you add more detail on the 'Compose the final movie using all the parts" that would be helpful.