Is a 2012 iMac still good for video editing in premiere and fcp x? <body> I can get a pretty good deal on a 2012 iMac 21". I already found a solution for the slow 5400rpm drive, I'm going to use a usb 3 SSD to run MacOS.  I'm going to use it for - Graphic Design in affinity designer, - Photo editing in Lightroom and Photoshop, and - Video editing in Premiere Pro CC, Final Cut Pro X and Adobe After effects.  I know graphic design and Photo editing won't be a problem because the core i5 in the iMac still is a very good processor, but I'm not sure if the iMac can handle video editing. I know it only has 512mb of vram and the GTX 640m inside is a pretty outdated card.  strongQ: The maximum resolution I want to edit is 1080p60, can the 2012 iMac handle that fluently?/strong  <answer271689> Yes, this iMac Should be able to play 1080p 60 fps content easily on its internal display in FCPX.   If you want to make your workflow faster, please consider to put your source material on separate SSDs connected to your iMac.  hr  This is a really broad question. Without any specifics I can tell you the following:  ul lifor Lightroom and photoshop max out your iMac's strongRAM/strong./li liyes, with strongFCPX/strong your iMac will play these strong1080p videos at 60 fps just fine./strong/li liFCPX has a great feature called "strongRAM preview/strong" which renders any changes in the background. Even before you hit the "render" button/li liit depends on the strongnumber of effects/strong you are working with whether a clip will play instantly. You can create projects in FCPX that won't play in realtime even on a Mac Pro without the use of RAM previews./li lithe size/format of your strongsource material/strong also plays a role when it comes to fluent playback. Think an MPEG2 clip with a low bit rate vs. RAW footage from a RED with a very high bitrate./li /ul  <comment341490> It has 8gb ram I think that's enough. Im not working with a lot of effects, my mid 2012 macbook handles my video editing in fcpx without problems, it also has 8gb ram. But the mbp has integrated graphics with 1,5gb vram and I dont know if that makes a big difference. Are the 512mb Vram in the 2012 iMac enough for premiere pro and after effects without a lot of effects?