View Security Logs from iPhone Backup <body> On July 22 someone at work got onto my iPhone 5s to get emails and other things off of it.  They had to enter my passcode but because I used only a 4 digit code they could have watched me enter it in before (now I use a 26 character password).  After they got what they wanted (which they did), they dunked it into water.  I noticed immediately when I got done with work about being messed with as the phone was acting as though someone entered the passcode too many times and the case was upside-down, but it was about an hour before i noticed the water damage (moisture behind the camera).  I managed to make a backup of my phone to my computer before the phone gave out.  I got my new iPhone 5s today and restored from that backup in hopes of viewing a log that showed what time it happened as I can use our schedule to figure out who was in the office when it happened.  However using the iPhone Configuration Utility to see the console logs does not help as I can only go back about 10-15 minutes.  I do know from my test with my iPhone 4s that the log does show login attempts and failures.  Is there any way to view the log of the damaged phone from the backup I made using either the restored to iPhone 5s or the backup still on my computer? If I do the 4 hour drive to visit an apple store and they can get it working is there a way for them to pull the log from the 22nd?  When suggesting apps to use, I have both OS X, Windows, and Linux at my disposal.  The iPhone that was damaged was NOT jailbroken.  PS. I know someone will ask so I will answer here... I am a swim instructor and the only other people there were other teachers but not all of them are there the entire time.  And only about 5 minutes per lesson are spent inside waiting for the next lesson.  The manager was in and out multiple times that day.  She and one other coworker are who we think did it.  Sadly we do not have security cameras due to privacy concerns.  Once I realized there was water damage I bought and dunked my iPhone into distilled water (removed the sim card to help it fill up to get cleaned out) for a few hours and moved it back and forth (phone was still on at this point as I could not get it to turn off) then put it into a bag of silicon for a few days.  Now it will not do anything when I plug it into my laptop. 