User has server permissions but still no access <body> We have about 20 computers connected to our Mac mini file server.  We have a complex set of permission groups (E.g. User B has access to all 20 top-level folders in Group F but also has access to 2 2nd-level folders in Group R).    My co-worker has permissions for a single subfolder (Subfolder J) of a group to which she does not have universal permissions.  But we cannot access that subfolder.  She is connected to the server because she can access files from the server but we get all kinds of weirdness trying to open Subfolder J yet it never actually opens.  I have tried the Idiot's Guide to Fixing Computer-y Things. Removed and returned permissions both to the top level group folder and the specific access to Subfolder J.  Any ideas what the permission issue is and how to fix?  EDIT:br We have 40 top-level folders.  My co-worker has full access/permissions to the first 20.  The 21st folder is the Management folder so she doesn't have access to all of its files but there is a subfolder of Management called Goodies that she does have permission to  access.   I checked the permissions with the screen-sharing feature from my mac and they all check out.  Under Server- etc - Groups - Show System Accounts, there is a group called Management to which she does not have permission AND, further down the list, a group called Goodies (subfolder of Management) to which she DOES have permission.  Is there a chance that by not having permission to the Management folder that this has somehow overwritten her specific permission to the Goodies subfolder?  What, then, would be the point of having specific group permissions?  It doesn't make sense. (to me)  Thanks again.  <comment370594> Assuming no ACLs exist: if the folder/share Management has 7x0 permissions (with x 7|5 and your co-worker isn't member of the group) she won't be able to traverse to Management/Goodies and her effective permissions are 000 even if she is owner of Goodies.