How can I recover notes missing from the Notes app? <body> I recently opened the Notes app and found that about a month's worth of notes are missing.  There is a gap between August 5th and September 3rd.  (This time period includes a note I wrote while in an airport listing the names and desks of air staff I dealt with while trying to handle a canceled flight, and now I've failed a complaint with the airline and need those details.  A few hundred euros of compensation might ride on having these details.)  I found one question about restoring deleted notes by using a program to read from the iTunes backup, but my iTunes only seems to keep one backup, the latest, and the notes are not present.  I synced before noticing, and of course iOS syncs over wifi now so it may have synced before then anyway.  ul liiPhone 4 running the latest iOS 5 (and latest iTunes etc. I am still using Lion.)/li liThe phone is synced with iCloud, which is also synced with my MBP and iPad.  I am signed into the same account on all of them./li liI do use GMail for email, but as far as I know not for notes.  I could not find my missing notes in any account./li liWhen I wrote the note, I had no data connection (overseas) but did a couple of days before and after/li liI do not know when the notes vanished, but only noticed the hole in the dates when I looked for this specific important note./li /ul  What do I do?  <answer84780> This is a little like what happened to me, I posted a question here relating to notes that had gone missing too.   It seems that if you take a note while offline, when you sync with icloud it will sometimes without warning delete notes it does not know about :( Luckily in my case since I had made the note on my mac it created a recovery folder for me.   Perhaps your phone may have done a similar thing? If you open notes and hit the 'accounts' button at the top, is there a 'recovered items' folder?  <comment96735> Did you ever find these notes? Also, it is possible to sync your Notes with any IMAP account, which means it's technically possible you were syncing them to Gmail. <comment96899> No, I never found them!  I searched GMail but didn't find them there, but I'll have another look.  I find the syncing a bit confusing really - it's not all working correctly, I'm not sure my calendars are syncing properly between devices right now either :/ <comment113321> does somebody has an update on this question - as it just happened to me. Also the 'on my computer' dissapears in the notes.app when activating the notes via iCloud. I am not able to find the note that dissappeared when writing it offline and connecting to the internet. Somehow there is nothning the icloud recovered items... <comment113375> No update from me, sorry - I never recovered my missing notes :(