Admin can't administer <body> I'm trying to launch Appstore on a Macbook running Lion while logged in as an admin user. It won't let me.   Lots of icons in system preferences are greyed out with "The system administrator has not given you access to this preferences pane". One of the icons is for Java... which strongI myself/strong installed (after entering the admin password).  I can become root without problems.  It looks like something, somewhere along the line, is intercepting privilege elevation requests and instead of challenging me for the root password, is just denying them and causing them to fail. It's as if there's a "click this lock (and enter the root password) to enable changes" policy, then something turned around and hid the lock itself.  Is there an error log somewhere that might give more insight into why, exactly, I'm not being allowed to administer while logged in as an administrative user?  <comment119450> If you are the admin then create new profile with admin rights, since yours has become corrupt. <comment119456> OK, this is bizarre... I was able to create a new user, make that new user an admin, and log in as that userl... but I'm still unable to launch Appstore, and it's still reporting that the Administrator has not given me access to the preferences pane. At this point, I'm convinced that our "Administrator" (I put the title in quotes, since he knows almost nothing about Macs and allegedly did nothing more than install McAfee Antivirus) had a little more fun than he should have & screwed up something he didn't fully understand... but I have to figure out what he did before I go down there & scream. <comment119459> Just a check to be sure you've done the basics: Have you started from the Recovery Partition and repaired permissions yet? <comment119460> Before you commit a first degree murder, try this. remove the ~/Library/Preferences/com.apple.HIToolbox.plist and reboot. <comment119461> Checking now... <comment119463> Nope, didn't fix it. What's worse is that the Launcher bar along the bottom has ? marks for several of the applications, including iTunes, AppStore, Mail, and iCal. I'm going to make one last attempt to see whether I can find the batch script that's running when I log on to see what it's messing with before I just boot into Linux, wipe the partition table clean, and do a virgin scorched-earth installation straight from Apple. <comment119469> Your choice, but it sounds like your system can use some cleaning, like Permission repair, SMC reset ect...