Corrupted El Capitan installer? <body> I've got a problem that while installing El Capitan from USB Installer it says "copy of software is corrupted etc..etc". Actually I downloaded the copy of El Capitan from another Mac and then I created "El Capitan installer from my own Mac with terminal process and when I try to install it it says the above message  "copy of software is corrupted etc..etc". So tell me please anyone what happened and if it's date fault, then what date I should set because I didn't download El Capitan on the Mac on which I want to install it.  Please can anyone help me to sort out this problem??  <answer260903> You can try the following:  Go to System Preferences and manually change the date to January 1st 2016. More specifically, deselect emSet date and time automatically/em and then manually enter the date and click Save.  After doing this, double click on the El Capitan installer and follow the prompts to install the software.  If you run into problems, a couple of additional things you can try are:  ol liDisconnect from the internet before manually changing the date and stay disconnected until you've done the installation /li liCopy the installer onto the hard drive rather than running it from the USB/li /ol  Let me know how you go.  <comment326637> It sounds like the installer may not have been copied over correctly.  Can you create the USB installer on the Mac where you downloaded it? <comment326644> I'm really thankfull to your work and I appreciate you're giving me your precious time. Its gonna work 100% fine. I doesn't have words to give you respect thanks sir and hats off to you. <comment354594> Could you please explain why change the date works? What problem does it solve? <comment354602> At the risk of oversimplifying things, one of the checks the system does to determine the validity of the installer is the date. If you're using a copy that was downloaded quite some time in the past, it'll fail. As the OP said they had downloaded the installer from another Mac, I figured that was the case here. Also, as the OP asked the question after macOS Sierra was released, El Capitan was not the latest OS, hence also increasing the likelihood the date was a problem. I picked 1 January 2016 as that was only 3 months since El Capitan was released and a date most likely to pass the check.