Script or workflow to modify find and replace text in clipboard <body> I need give unique names to many, many files as part of my job. I download dozens of PDFs from a research database which all come with the same name (date of download). I have to open the file, select the title, paste it into the filename field, and then go in and manually remove the colon and replace it with a dash.  That last part is really what's killing me since basically every file I download has a colon in the title that I want to paste! What I want is something that will modify the contents of my clipboard so I can just paste it into the naming field without having to manually replace the colon.  In short, I want any ":" in my clipboard to change to a "-" before I paste it.  <answer97427> Try:  precodeset myText to the clipboard as «class utf8» set {TID, text item delimiters} to {text item delimiters, ":"} set myText to text items of myText set AppleScript's text item delimiters to "-" set the clipboard to myText as text set text item delimiters to TID tell application "System Events" to keystroke "v" using command down /code/pre  <answer97430> Actually there is no need for Script.  Assuming you are opening the PDF files with Adobe Reader!  Coping the text (titles) containing the (:)  Selecting Save As and pasting the text.  Adobe will automatically change the (:) in to (-)  <comment114293> Thank you so much! Just one last question: How would I jam this into Automator in such a way that it replaces my default paste?  Or should I be putting this code somewhere else? Sorry, I'm very new to AS and automation in general <comment114294> That's one way to do it, but it would add another step to the workflow (Save As). I have to do lot's of these renamings so that would end up slowing me down. But thanks for trying to find a less technical solution! <comment114295> I must have missed something in your work flow as specified: You said --I have to open the file, select the title, paste it into the filename field ?? Filename field is the one it is saved as ! <comment114296> I misspoke. What I mean is that I rename the file in the finder. I can't name the file before downloading it so I do it in the finder. I guess I haven't done it your way because that would require tossing out duplicate files at the end of the batch. I'm going to do two runs, one with your solution and one with adayzdone's script and see which one is better. <comment114297> Ok, test done. Your solution proved more efficient. Even though I have to trash the original every time, it saves me keystrokes and mouse movements <comment114302> @tomgelder Housekeeping: if my answer was useful to you please mark it as such so others can find it. <comment114305> You can put it in a service to be accessed in the contextual menu. Drag the Run AppleScript action into Automator. You can also map the script to a keystroke. <comment114313> I marked adayzdone's answer because it specifically answered the question I was asking. I won't implement it in this case but I'm sure I'll be able to modify it to suit other needs in the future. Yours turned out to be a better solution but and if I had enough rep I would upvote it for relevance, but I think it's more appropriate to give the check mark to adayzdone.