Will Find My iPhone work if I cancel service from Sprint? <body> My iPhone 5S was lost / stolen this weekend.  I was able to track it to a location in Brooklyn NY, unfortunately in a set of connected brick apartment buildings.  The find my iPhone app isn't quite good enough to determine exactly which building and the police tell me I couldn't just go inside the buildings looking for it (trespassing).  I tried playing a sound this morning &amp; the phone was promptly turned off - yeah, probably a mistake, but I was hoping the thief would realize he/she should do the right thing &amp; return it.  I have a security code (just 4 digits - this makes me uncomfortable) and set to lost mode via find my iPhone.  How difficult is it to hack?  Is it enough to figure out the passcode?  Does someone just have to turn it on in a place w/o cell phone coverage &amp; keep trying until they get the code?  I feel a lot more secure with my apple id password.  Do they need that to operate the phone or is it enough to find the 4 digit code?  I figure there are 10,000 possibilities, which may sound like a lot, but try one every 2 seconds &amp; that's only 5.5 hours.  Probably the code is found much sooner.  If I send text or call phone can it be seen or answered?  Or just the message from Lost my iPhone app?  Sprint wants me to cancel service on the missing phone.  Would this also affect Find my iPhone app?  I also reported the phone lost / stolen with the local Brooklyn police.  They recorded the IMEI #, but an online check shows me it does not appear to be blacklisted.  How does this get reported &amp; does it work to prevent the phone from being activated worldwide?    My friend says it's possible to do a factory reset of iPhones by pressing some buttons simultaneously.  Is this true on the 5S?  yeah, lots of questions...  <comment147655> here is a good article that answers your questions http://tidbits.com/article/14113 <comment196582> If you are sure that the phone is lost to you. You could always use the send a message feature in Find my iPhone. To send a message that shows up on the lock screen. Telling the person that the Police have tracked the phone to their apartment building( give building name) and are closing in.. But if they hand the phone into a Sprint Shop then you will call the Police off.