Is it possible to turn off the iPhone Calendar invitations badge/list? <body> Is it possible to turn off the new invite badge and the list of new invitations within the Calendar application on the iPhone?  My boss has his assistant review his invitations and accept/deny them for him, so he has no need to do this from his phone.  He therefore doesn't want to see the red badge on the Calendar app icon on the home screen, or the red badge in the bottom right hand corner of the screen within the Calendar application that says he has six new invitations, and he doesn't want to see the list of new invitations upon clicking that button.  I've recreated this on my iPhone and have screenshots available as an example (however because I'm a first time poster it won't allow me to post them).  Any help someone could provide would be appreciated.  <answer74185> There are two things that you can do here.  ol liOpen Settings  Mail, Contacts, Calendars  Scroll down to the Calendars section (near the bottom), and change "New Invitation Alerts" to strongOff/strong./li liIn the Settings app, tap Notifications  select Calendars, and then turn off Calendars notifications in Notification Center (if desired), and set the Alert style to "None", and, most importantly, turn "Badge App Icon" to strongOff/strong./li /ol  Unfortunately, to the best of my knowledge, there is no way to specifically disable the Red badge that is eminside/em the app. However, it is possible turning off "New Invitation Alerts" will have that effect.  <answer155050> Actually, this functionality has been moved into the Notification settings for Calendar items (Settings  Notifications  Calendar).   In that view you'll have the option to change notifications for: Upcoming Events; emInvitations/em; Invitee Responses; and Shared Calendar Changes. Each one give the ability to select: whether its shown in notification center; notification sound; badge app icon; show on lock screen; and the alert style!  <answer167198> I've had this same issue and unfortunately there is no way to turn off the invitation count one sees on the bottom right of the calendar app. I've shut off all notifications (badges, banners, etc) for calendar and these still show up, at least until the invite is attended to in the email inbox. So if one's admin is completing invites, the counter should in theory update in the calendar app in the bottom right corner.  My situation is a bit unique in that my personal account is part of a family domain hosted on outlook.com (no longer offered for new signups at Microsoft) and I receive counters for invites to other "shared" calendars that aren't even mine (belong to spouse, child, etc). I think these calendars are being seen by the device as "other" calendars of mine, when in fact they are not mine. If I click "accept" it just reappears right back in that list of notifications in calendar. I've determined that because I don't have edit rights to those other family members' calendars, the server just rejects my "acceptances" and resends the invite. Endless cycle. Very annoying. Invitations to calendars shared with me should not result in those other individuals' calendar invites coming to me.  <answer170327> I just tested answering the invites with my phone in Airplane mode. It appears to remove the invite badge without sending a notification to the source.  Personally Apple should have a Dismiss option, but this method might just do the trick until they provide that option.  <answer256815> Most of the replies so far are outdated, but there are probably some like me still interested in this.  As of iOS 10, this is easy. Open SettingsNotificationsCalendar. From here you can disable certain alerts, including only those for Invites.  <comment108174> Thank you so much for this! I work night shift at a datacenter, so when everyone is inviting me to meetings in the morning, it is waking me me constantly. I can't exactly use the "Do not Disturb" feature for this since I am on call at some points, but the "do not disturb" is usually what helps with this, except when I am on call...