Parental control popups are constantly showing <body> So I have account on my iMac (Maverics OS) for children and parental controls are extremely unusable. 1. I created account and did set up whole account and applications 2. child logs in 3. child does not see cartoon folder that is allowed for her as user because of simple finder 4. I enable full finder but then child has access to ALL applications and data that are on external HDD even though permission were set up so she does not have ANY visibility 5. even though child has no permissions or eventually read permission, child can delete files and folders without a problem that are on external HDD even though of permissions 6. for example teamviewer that is installed on computer and some other application (and some I cannot find at all) are constantly popping out and wanting me to allow it. I click ok because I DO NOT WANT TO ALLOW but that does not stop that program to constantly every second pop up and wanting me to allow  please, either give me solution how to do it properly and to stop popups from constantly appearing when I blocked application or website  <comment174258> There's a lot in here. Some of it is a rant about how bad the software is; some of it seems to be a search for solutions. While it can be satisfying to rant about software that frustrates you, this isn't the place to do that. If you can clean this question up and make it clear 1) what are you trying to accomplish and 2) what have you tried, and eliminate the portions about the worst software ever, this might help you get answers. <comment189677> this was not a rant, but I think of it as workflow of whole process what I did do and that happened. For example: created account, changed account, clicked Ok multiple times, did not help, did try to enter password multiple times, did not help. Cannot prevent children to delete stuff and so on.I am just searching for a solution. Did not answer on this because I was interested in if anyone will actually help me or nudge me in right direction to search for help or did your answer (that is a rant about my semantics) stop others to help.