iPad Air 1 won't boot into the iOS after pressing the PP app and restarting.It simply shuts off <body> As the title explains it, my iPad Air won't boot to the lock screen. The iPad Air would just show the Apple logo for about 10 seconds and completely turn off. It doesn’t reboot; it would just turn off.  iPhone Air 1, 16GB WiFi+3G, iOS 9.3.3 [Pangu Jailbreak]  strongHere are the details:/strong  I noticed that my YouTube app was playing commercials, which it shouldn’t since I have the Youtube++ tweak installed with a valid username.    I thought that there might have been an update for YouTube++ in Cydia or the actual YouTube app in the AppStore that's causing the issue, but there weren’t any.  • I then checked to see if I was still jailbroken by opening iFile, since my iPhone 6+ "de-jailbreaks" itself without notice once or twice every 2 days (which is another topic itself). iFile opened without crashing leading me to believe that the iPad was still in a jailbroken state.  • Not knowing what to and running out of options, I decided to use the PP app to jailbreak AGAIN even though it seemed I was already in a jailbroken state.  • I waited ten seconds to lock the iPad Air, and waited for the notification on the lock screen to appear. The notification did NOT appear, and the iPad instantly resprung or rebooted, which led me to believe that the jailbreak was unsuccessful since I need to be able to see both the lock screen notification and a respring/reboot for a successful jailbreak.  • I waited for the iPad Air to get back to the lock screen in a “No-Substrate” mode, but it never did. Now, I'm definitely stuck.  • The iPad Air now doesn't boot into the iOS.  Actually, it doesn't even stay on.  I turn on the iPad Air, the Apple logo appears, like normal, for a couple of seconds and then shuts down.  Usually, if something was wrong, the iDevice would just kind of "hang" there in a black screen or so based on my experiences.  But with this situation, it turns off, because I'm able to turn it back on as soon as the Apple logo disappears.   • I thought this was a battery issue, but then I put the iPad in Recovery and DFU mode to see if the iPad Air would stay on, and it did.  So it's definitely software related.    strongWhat I've tried to no success:/strong  • A hard reset (Power + Home) and then turning back on.  • Restarting to get into “Safe Mode” or “No-Substrate” mode (Power + Up Volume Button)  • I wanted to check to see if my PC recognized the device – it didn’t. HOWEVER, it did pick it up in Recovery and DFU mode.  • Thinking that maybe the battery died, I charged the iPad Air for about twenty minutes to only get the same result.  • I’ve tried to SSH into the iPad since I always install SSH after a fresh jailbreak, but the iPad is only on for about 10 seconds before it shuts off so there’s no time to get a stable connection.  Same thing goes for attempting to connect using applefileconduit.  I’ve run out of ideas on how I can approach this. I really don’t want to restore, lose my data AND lose my jailbreak. If anyone has any idea, thought, advice they can share, please do.  If it came down to it, I just would like to be able to save my data.  Since a jailbreak for iOS 10.1 may be coming soon, the jailbreak is the least of my problems.  But I didn't make a backup in a while, and there's jailbreak data I would like to recover also.    If this is a common issue, I apologize in advance. I’ve Google’d for a while now and couldn’t get any more ideas. Thanks everyone for reading, and hopefully, attempting to fix my issue.  <comment324906> Anyone with any thoughts or solutions?  Thanks!