What does XProtect protect/secure on Mac OS X? <body> My research so far has found XProtect appears at first glance to be a basic AV engine that scans DMG &amp; apps through Safari, Chrome and Firefox. I'm looking to understand what does it actually do and what does it exactly monitor outside of DMG and apps? I've read it doesn't provide protection from BitTorrent and removable USB thumb drives. What else?  <answer80957> The Xprotect "system" is not really an AV engine as such. It looks for a very limited number of text strings, or "signatures," in specific types of files. For this reason, it is far less useful than a real AV program (up to you if you think one is necessary). In addition, it only checks files downloaded with certain apps: Safari, Mail, Messages, and third-party apps that have activated a setting to use Xprotect to check their files as well. Also, it only sets a flag on files, and depends on user interaction for protection. So an un-savvy user may see the dialog warning that a file is dangerous, but still click the necessary button to open it.   As you say, it doesn't protect against BitTorrent downloads (though specific BitTorrent clients could use the feature), and doesn't protect from files copied from any kind of removable media or files copied over a network.   <answer166458> This is Apple's explanation:     strongAbout the "Are you sure you want to open it?" alert (File Quarantine / Known Malware Detection) in OS X/strong      emOS X improves download validation by providing file quarantine in applications that download files from the Internet. This means that   downloads are checked for safety (known malware) when you try to open   them./em      strongFile Quarantine/strong      File quarantine-aware applications that download files from the   Internet, or receive files from external sources (such as email   attachments), attach quarantine attributes.       ul   liQuarantine-aware applications include Safari, Messages, iChat and    Mail./li   liThese attributes include date, time, and a record of where the file    was downloaded from./li   /ul      When you open a file received through a quarantine-aware application,   OS X warns you where the file came from. You receive an alert asking,   "Are you sure you want to open it?" You should click Cancel if you   have any doubts about its safety.      img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/xJAjl.png" alt="File Quarantine"      If you have multiple user accounts on your Mac, the user account that   downloaded the file is the only user account that can remove the   quarantine attribute on a file. All other user accounts can open a   quarantined file, but they are still presented with an alert asking   "Are you sure you want to open it?" every time they open the file.br   strongKnown malware check/strong      Mac OS X Snow Leopard v10.6 and later also check for known instances   of "malware", or malicious software. When you open a quarantined   file, OS X checks to see if it includes known malware. If so, an alert   message similar to the following appears:      If you see "(file name) will damage your computer." You should click   Move to Trash.      img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/pQBZv.png" alt="Malware Example"      If the file is a disk image, you should click Eject Disk Image and   then delete the source file.      img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/v3303.png" alt="Move to Trash"      Tip: Click the Help icon in the lower left corner of the alert message   for more information about malware.      strongBlocking web plug-ins/strong      To help limit exposure to potential "zero day" exploits from web   plug-in enabled content, OS X also blocks specific versions of web   plug-ins from functioning – including Java web apps, or Adobe Flash   content. Typically an update to the web plug-in is available on the   same day, or shortly after OS X blocks the web plug-in. Install the   new update to restore web plug-in function.      strongGatekeeper/strong      OS X Lion v10.7.5 and later include Gatekeeper, a technology that   allows developers to sign applications. Signed applications normally   don't present an alert when you download and open them. Internet files   downloaded from other applications get file quarantine attributes but   without date, time, and link of the file downloaded.      strongAdvanced users only/strong      You can toggle the ability of File Quarantine to receive updates from   Apple about malware and web plug-ins.      Important: Deselecting this option disables the ability to identify   new malware, and leaves your Mac vulnerable to new malware without   notification.   Source: About the "Are you sure you want to open it?" alert (File Quarantine / Known Malware Detection) in OS X  <comment93536> I work in the security industry and couldn't find technical specifics. You have more or less answered my question - thanks again! <comment93642> Apple used to have a page giving some of the above information, but I can't find it right now. <comment195068> @Kirk - Is this the page that you mean? [About the "Are you sure you want to open it?" alert (File Quarantine / Known Malware Detection) in OS X](http://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201940)