Debugging verbose boot mode <body> My issue is that a MacBook Pro (mid-2012) started to have problems booting up today so I'm trying to debug the boot process by running it in verbose mode.  The problem is I can barely read what it says on the screen, as you can see in the attached picture. It was actually worse just moments before I took the photo because there was just the bright background with the no-entry sign and white letters which made for a completely unreadable combination. Then the black characters started to appear and it's slightly better so at least I can see it's running fsck.  The Macbook runs Yosemite and its HDD is encrypted with FileVault.  My questions are:   ul liHow do I get rid of all the clutter and get a usable (readable!) terminal?/li liHow do I get access to logs generated during verbose boot?  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/kFLZc.jpg" alt="enter image description here"/li /ul  <comment273109> That is not typical for verbose bootup. ;-)  Did you try booting off an external disk or a DVD? <comment273110> No, no external devices attached, no CD/DVD in the slot. This is just pure verbose mode :) <comment273111> Yes, but what happens if you boot, in verbose mode,  from a DVD or external drive? <comment273115> Ubuntu booted up just fine, though no verbose mode is available (I need to hold Alt key to get the device selection menu and Option+V doesn't work with that). I also dug out a pendrive with a Mavericks installer on it and it also booted up fine (the Macbook has Yosemite installed, if that matters) so I used the chance to check the HDD status in Disk utility. It says the disk looks OK. <comment273117> So it seems that the hardware is ok since it booted fine off the pendrive and ubuntu (assuming external drive not duel boot).  Did you try booting off the recovery partition?  What was the original issue that you were seeing?  Did you look in the logs (via console.app)? <comment273119> Shutdown your machine and perform a normal boot. Once the machine has booted, login and open the Terminal.app- type the following at your prompt- `sudo dmesg`. <comment273161> I received the laptop from a coworker to check what could be happening, as instead of booting up it showed her a no-entry sign. It's not possible to perform a normal boot. I haven't tried booting off the recovery partition, just pendrives (Ubuntu and Mavericks installer), but I'll check that out tomorrow. All this brings to mind a failing disk or at least a corrupt filesystem but I need to do some more testing tomorrow to be sure. <comment273246> We've done some testing and it turns out that the disk is damaged in some weird way, probably some initial sectors have been corrupted. Both Linux and Windows boxes we've connected it to detect the drive correctly. Gparted is able to create an MS-DOS or GPT partition table but not APM for some reason. When the drive is connected to the MacBook, it's not even detected. I guess it's too risky to use it for any important data so we've opted to replace it with a new one. Thank you for your help!