iOS10 intermittent black screen issue <body> Recently upgraded my iPhone 6 Plus to iOS 10.  Soon after upgrading I started to notice a intermittent issue where the phone would randomly jump to a black screen with a white loading spinner in the middle (similar to what you see when shutting the phone down) and then after about 5 seconds it will take me back to the lock screen.  I'm still able to unlock the phone using the fingerprint reader (so the phone hasn't actually rebooted) and the phone appears to function as per normal.    It is extremely annoying as it can happen in the middle of any phone function (including taking and making calls) and on some days can happen more than half a dozen times.    So far I have noticed it happening when using the following Apps:  ul liGoogle Chrome /li liMicrosoft Outlook App /li liFacebook App /li liApple Music App (completely stopped a playing track at the time)/li /ul  Not sure if it's just random or being triggered by particular apps.  When it happens whilst Google Chrome is open the next time I open Chrome it reports that Chrome crashed and "would I like to restore my pages?".  I haven't done a fresh iOS 10 install but I'm reluctant to do this as it takes time and risks my data and setup on the phone now (even though I do have a iCloud backup).  I have also since upgraded to iOS 10.0.2 (14A456) but the problem still remains.    Is there a way to view diagnostic, error or event logs on the OS to see what might be happening immediately before the black screen occurs?  Anyone else experiencing the issue?  <comment318773> Were you running the iOS 10 beta prior to the release version? <comment318790> This happens from time to time to just about everyone, I think, though it sounds like it's happening to you with much more frequency than "normal". <comment318873> I wasn't running the beta version prior.  Upgraded from an iOS 9 version to the final release of 10 after it was available via usual method. <comment324674> I've ended up restoring the phone using a recent iCloud backup.  Restoration completed successfully this morning and so far no issues.  Too early to tell but looks promising <comment324680> ok that was a fail, problem as occurred again since the restoration :-( <comment325222> Went to my local Apple Store yesterday, they ran diagnostics on the phone, couldn't really find any problems reported (except for the Skype for business app continuing to crash).  They replaced the phone, I then did a clean install from iTunes and then restored the phone from an iCloud backup.  Next morning - it happened again.  I guess I now know the issue is not hardware related.  Could be a problem with my profile or perhaps a 3rd party app maybe?