iOS Developer Program shut for the holidays? <body> I registered for the program during the weekend and noted that there are a two business day waiting period.  I also noticed that iTunes connect is shut during the holidays, does the same apply to the developer program or is it business as usual?  Besides new years day ;0)  PS Just to clarify, is the iOS developer program personnel on duty or are they on leave?  The reason why I'm asking is to know if my registration will be delayed.  <answer163977> I think the registration of new developers is also delayed. This is a quote from the mail apple sended to their developers:     As a reminder, from Monday, December 22, through Monday, December 29, 2014, iTunes Connect, Application Loader, and iTunes Connect for iOS won’t be available.      During this time, you won’t be able to submit new apps, app updates, or In-App Purchases. You also won’t be able to access iTunes Connect or make changes to TestFlight Beta Testing   <comment192101> Thanks jules, seems like they'll be back on 30 December, and then dealing with the backlog - I'll just wait patiently for them to take my money ;0) <comment192102> You could allready start making your amazing iOS apps, only disappointment is that you can't test them on your device :o <comment192103> I did too, using Macincloud, but it's an audio app and I can seem to get any sound out of it, can't wait to test it on a borrowed iPad! <comment192188> I should've been patient, my application was approved and completed bright and early! <comment192189> I would wait 2 days from now to see if they accept your registration. When you have no answer on the 31th, you could try calling support. <comment192196> This should be edited to ask in general how to tell when Apple Developer Support works. "During the weekend" is a very narrow and uncertain window. Next summer, this will confuse people trying to answer. If you want to add specific dates, we could reopen this for an answer. You can also contact Apple Store support where you paid for your program and they will get you the next time Developer Support is open or connect you if they are open now.