Create an SMS shortcut on homescreen? <body> Is there an application the creates a homescreen shortcut that sends a particular message to a specific number when pressed ?  hr  So basically something that allows :  ul liAdd number/li liAdd text message/li liCreate homescreen shortcut/li /ul  Now every time I click that shortcut, it sends the sms to that number directly.  hr  <answer105457> You might want to check out LaunchCenter Pro:     It’s like speed dial for anything you do with your iPhone or iPod Touch. Create one-tap shortcuts straight to the feature you need   inside of your apps.      Message a loved one, search Yelp for the nearest coffee shop, jump   straight to the camera in Instagram, all with just a flick of your   thumb. Create shortcuts for email, Safari, phone or FaceTime calls,   Google searches, and more. If you do it on your phone constantly,   Launch Center Pro will make it easier and faster.      Sample shortcuts:      Call a loved one Message a friend Email your boss Fire up Instagram’s   camera instantly Search Yelp for nearby coffee shops Jump right to   your favorite website Create a new item in OmniFocus Search Twitter   using Tweetbot Use the iPhone as a flashlight And so much more...   I haven't tried it, personally but the description above seems to indicate it will work. You might also follow the recent news that some of the features of LaunchCenter pro are being disabled at Apple's request by the developer.  <answer105458> h2iCustom/h2  iCustom allows you to create app icons to send SMS messages (or perform other actions such as calling people, etc).  You can choose a service, phone number and icon, then save it to your home screen. Tapping on the icon initiates the action that you set it up to do.  This is a free, web-based service that uses Safari's Save to Home Screen feature to save the icon emdirectly/em to the home screen.  <comment123972> This is great but it doesn't specify what text to be typed automatically. It allows to open the sms app for that specific number, but I have to type the content. <comment123990> Hmm I would like someone to confirm if the app does what I need. Don't really wanna pay $5 for it just to see if it does. <comment124022> This would be a great feature. Chances are one would have to jailbreak their phone to get this to a truly one-click process (just tapping to open the app). <comment124066> @bassplayer7 Something like iCustom would work fine if there is an extra option to add text !!