2 x AirPort Express a1392 + 1 Thomson DWG850 = router reboot loop <body> I am hoping that someone here has had problems trying to get their AirPort Extreme working as a access point with their cable modem/router and was able to come up with a solution that didn’t involve pitching the modem/router out the window.  While this thread would otherwise be better suited for a networking specific channel, this problem is specific with the Apple AirPore Express Model a1392 (firmware version 7.6.7) and how it doesn’t seem to like being an access point for a DOCSIS 2.0 Cable modem/router under a specific configuration. My goal is to simply keep using the cable modem/router as it stands (and possibly turn off it’s wifi) and use one APE as an access point and the second APE as an unwired repeater. Initially I seemed to get this working beautifully (well, as beautifully as this kind of janky set up is going to be) but when I restarted of the cable modem/router to turn off its built-in wifi trouble started happening. Also, there is the fact that I am presently in São Paulo, Brazil trying to help my girlfriend under very limited time and I am trying to get these older devices to work with an even older and junkier Thomson DWG-850 cable modem so you could say my resources are a bit limited. My chance to be a hero may be thwarted by cruddy hardware/software.  The aberrant behavior is this: after getting the two APEs set up correctly and apparently working (if there was intermittent failure, a hadn’t yet caught it in my testing) I discovered that after power cycling the Thomson modem/router that it would work for a period of time and then appear to reset itself as if it were power cycled. (Now, most often, it does this after 30 seconds operation, but there were periods where it could work for quite some time before failure, depending on whether i have the second APE acting as extender, and possibly under other scenarios, like if it power the access point APE while the Thomson is already running.) This does not happen when the first (access point) APE is not connected to the Thomson modem/router. The Thomson modem/router only puts up a fit withe APE attached. I have followed Apples’s guidelines for setup on both devices and while I am pretty sure that before I power cycled the modem/router that it was working just fine, but perhaps some change on the modem/router was waiting to be applied… I don’t know, really.  I have done a factory reset of the device with no change. The obvious next step would replace to have my gf's cable company replace the device for her with something more current, but I fear I will be long gone by the time they show to replace it and she will not know what to do after that. The APEs are practically new but never configured so I doubt it is a hardware problem. The fact that it all was working also indicates it is probably not a configuration of software problem with the APEs as they are running the latest firmware, etc… and I went through the configs with a fine-toothed comb. One thing I would have wanted to try would be to try to update firmware on the modem/router but there doesn’t seem to be a way to do that with in the web admin tool. (If this device gets updated it would seem it gets done as a slave to another device like a computer that updates it via its usb port.)  Why I am posting this here is if anyone has seen this sort of behavior on older (DOCSIS 2.0 Cable modem/routers) when used with Apple AiirPort Express devices to act as access points- therefore, simply running in bridge mode. If you have, please speak up, even if you never found a solution, I was hoping beyond hope that someone here has had a similar problem using their APE on older cable modem equipment and was able to resolve the problem with an configuration change.   Here’s to crossed fingers. 