Macbook Air refuses to boot correctly after booting Windows 10 <body> (Before you read this I'm using a laptop given to students in my school. Installing applications are prohibited so I couldn't use things like virtual box to load a virtual OS. It is a problem to students like me who participate in Cyber-Patriot and are using operating systems they have not seen before)  I booted Windows 10 via "bootcamp" and tried to find a place to install Windows 10 and none of the drives would allow it. I decided to turn off my mac, unplug the usb boot drive I made, and turn it back on to see what the problem was. When the Mac booted up it didn't boot MacOS, it booted a folder with a question mark on it and wouldn't continue the boot up process.   I tried a number of things like recovery mode and selecting which OS to boot by pressing the option button but it has been locked with a passcode that only the staff members of the school recognize. I have a windows 10 laptop and another Macbook Air in my house. (if that does anything)  The school doesn't allow us to take the Macbooks to Apple, the IT people are supposed to fix it and it's break for us and everyone is on vacation.  If anyone could be diligent and help me either bypass the passcode so I may access recovery mode/select boot or boot up my previous session on the Mac OS  Any response will be greatly appreciated!   <comment328175> @Tetsujin unlike that post I can't access recovery mode to fix my problem because of the passcode <comment328177> The top-voted, & as far as I know correct answer is, 'take it to Apple with proof of ownership' <comment328178> @Tetsujin thank you for your answer. The school wants to fix it, not apple (idk why), even if I didn't follow that rule I don't have the proof of ownership, the head of school has it. <comment328179> The school, of course, will already have the password ;) <comment328181> @Tetsujin (not trying to be rude) I would be happy for the school to help me, the only problem is its Thanksgiving break and I highly doubt they want to help a student while on vacation. :/ <comment328191> so, now we have 2 potential duplicates - both saying "take it to Apple with proof of purchase". I think that's your answer.