Iphone 5 apple id and password problem <body> For 3 day I have been without a phone - no service.  O2 say nothing wrong with network.  Took sim out of phone and now phone is locked.  Asking for apple ID and pword.  Password is not recognised.  Went to apple store.  Technicians cannot help.  I have a called scheduled with Apple support - earliest appointment is 17 Nov.  I cannot be without phone for another week.  I can log into icloud on my computer BUT all my info is not there in email, notes, calender etc.  There are 4 emails but this is another icloud setup.  Where has all the data from phone gone.  It must be in icloud but where?  I need the original ID and Password to unlock the phone - this information when it was first set up.  Apple techies helped me do this 7 months ago in apple store but I don't know the original password.  Ironically all my information is stored on my phone - all my passwords etc.  I have no contacts, diary info NADA so without my phone I'm totally lost.  I really can't wait for apple to phone me on Monday.  Apparently they will be able to access my info but the the people working in the apple stores don't have the authority to do this.  HELP please someone.  Thanks  <comment183508> start at http://iforgot.apple.com <comment183511> Thanks.  Yes I've gone thru all that on my own and with apple techie.  Resetting the password doesn't help.  It is still not recognised.  I have to use the original password when the icloud was set up. <comment183513> Sounds like you have 2 accounts & are trying to sign in the wrong one. <comment183515> Yes but all email account etc are linked?  Perhaps I can disable the one I can access?  This is the one that is empty.  What concerns me is whether or not my phone info has been stored in icloud. <comment183516> I originally had help setting this up at the apple store so I wonder why they didn't resolve this at the time.  Now none of the techies at the store have the authority to override/access my icloud info.  Why it take one week to receive a call from apple main office I will never know.  Apparently if I pay something like £380 I will have access to help immediately.  Such a con.... <comment183524> Can anyone help?  I can't wait until the 17 Nov for apple tech support to phone me.  The wait time is just too long.  My phone is locked and I'm desperate to access it.  All my client information etc is on my phone. <comment183526> We've nothing to go on. Only Apple can deal with iCloud logins; all you've left to try is any other apple ID you've ever used on that device. <comment183531> Thanks.  Looks like I will have to wait until next Monday and pray to God that the tech phone call from apple will resolve the problem :)