Can an iPod battery be replaced? <body> I have never seen the iPod.  When the battery dies on an iPod, do you replace the battery, or do you have to buy a new iPod?  <answer23645> No. iPods can be recharged, but the battery is not easily replaceablesup1/sup. When the battery eventually becomes useless, most people do buy new iPods, but that takes years. Apple offers a repair service, and paying for a professional battery repair is usually between $65 and $99 and just like cars - you can go out to third party repair services should you just want a battery exchanged inside your "closed to the consumer" iPod.  There are, colloquially, two kinds of batteries "dying". The most common meaning is that it has run out of charge and needs to be recharged. The less common meaning is that it is a useless brick and must be disposed of. What you read about iPod batteries dying probably meant the former: you seem to have construed it as the latter. (That's not a bad thing, the terms can be confusing.)  Don't worry: iPods aren't single-use. Nobody (or hopefully nobody) boys a new model every time their old one runs out of charge.  ol li"Not easily replaceable" means fairly easy on an older classic that has been sat on many times and the case is starting to separate to "you really don't want to mess" with getting into a new iPod touch since you'll probably do more damage getting in that you care to repair. http://ifixit.com has great manuals that explain how to take apart most iPods - so do your homework before you are convinced that you strongcan/strong or strongcan not/strong replace your iPod's battery./li /ol  <answer23646> There's a difference between the battery "dying" and the battery losing its charge.  When a battery dies, it is incapable of being recharged.  When a battery "runs out of juice", you simply re-charge it and you're good to go again.  So:  when an iPod's battery drains, it no longer has a charge and has thus run out of juice.  Simple fix: plug it back in and recharge it.  When an iPod's battery emdies/em, you generally get a new iPod or get the battery replaced or something like that.  One thing that adds to the confusion about this is that we sometimes say that the battery is dead, when we simply mean that it has fully discharged.  We're using the word "dead" to mean "not turned on, and incapable of being turned on unless something else happens" (like the battery being recharged).  <answer23647> I'm guessing that perhaps there is a miscommunication here. Batteries can be recharged, but the battery itself is embedded and is not easily replaced.  I'll reference Apple's page on iPod batteries:     h3Some Terms You Need to Understand/h3      “Battery life” means the time your iPod will run before it must be recharged (sometimes this is also called “playtime” or “runtime”). “Battery lifespan” means the total amount of time your battery will last before it must be replaced.   So, once an iPod has run out of battery life, it can be recharged. Eventually the iPod will hold less and less of a charge, and it will be at the end of its battery lifespan. At that point, you can use it as a unit for car/speaker dock use as many people opt to do, purchase a new iPod, or contact Apple support to arrange for a battery replacement.  <comment26425> How is it possible that you were able to find Ask Different and post a question here, but unable to research this question on Apple's website? <comment26428> Requesting some clarification - most of the answers seem to assume that you're referring to battery lifespan as opposed to a single charge cycle, but I'd like to be sure before we edit this question. <comment26429> How is it possible that you could assume I have not researched this question on Apple's website? <comment26432> Because Apple's website clearly states that the battery is rechargeable - "Built-in rechargeable lithium-ion battery". If you meant "replaced" instead of "recharged", then you should correct your question, as the meanings are entirely different. <comment26434> Putting aside for a moment @glorifiedHacker's tonal issues for a moment, they do have a point. This question is easily answerable as it stands now. At the same time, Gaudy makes a valid point about the context in which you are asking the question, and that needs to be addressed before this will be open again. <comment26441> I apologize that the tone of my comment comes across as hostile - I should have chosen more diplomatic language with which to make my point. <comment219453> Funny, the original question specifically stated "Is there such a thing, that it can't be recharged ?" But that was edited out. He was asking if it can be replaced after its useful life. It didn't appear he didn't understand rechargeable batteries.