Using Hauppauge HD PVR and Mac Mini to Stream Game Video <body> I recently acquired a Hauppauge HD PVR which my Xbox 360 is currently plugged into. I can record media from it using HD PVR Capture or use it as a TV Recorder via EyeTV. Unfortunately, I want to take the raw video stream, and hook it into something like a Justin.TV or LiveStream ProCaster for live streaming purposes, but I can't figure out how.  The PVR is not listed as a "video device" like a camera, so I cannot choose it as a video source. Since this is a MacMini, there are no registered video devices listed in any app on the Mini (say for example, iMovie's "Import From Camera" section).  How can I take the video feed going into my Mac Mini via USB, and re-use it immediately for any video-like purpose?  <answer7986> Argh, I wish I had seen this in time for the bounty.  I do broadcasts using Camtwist. Camtwist will become a video source and it does things like just broadcast the desktop. So if you have EyeTV maximized and Camtwist broadcasting the desktop and your flash broadcasted using camtwist as a source, you should be set! If you want audio, soundflower is good for that, but not quite as straightforward as Camtwist. Might have to play with it. But there are lots of good tutorials on this online, give it a google.  <answer187814> As far as I remember, HD PVR Capture can show a preview in VLC Player while recording. Did you look into the 'streaming and transcoding options' in VLC Player? Maybe you will find a solution in the VLC forum. CamTwist is probably easier.  You can stream to Twitch with HDPVRCapture, OBS and SoundFlower or ffmpeg.  <comment5021> And there went the bounty... ;_; <comment8644> I haven't bought EyeTV, and preferably don't want too. It's too expensive for such a niché use case. I won't use it often, and I don't have any TV service at home. <comment8660> CamTwist also supports playing movies via a playlist. Maybe you can finagle it to play a movie while it is still recording? Sounds hokey, but another thought is that if you can somehow play a movie that is being recorded, then you could have camtwist output the desktop with that video playing and publish that as a video source??? I dunno.