Migration Assistant Failing <body> I'm trying to transfer my information from a mid-2012 Macbook Pro Retina running the latest version of Yosemite (10.10.3). The new machine is a 2015 Retina also running Yosemite.   The first time round I tried doing this via a Thunderbolt cable. The donor machine was booted into target mode, and on the recipient machine I started up the Migration Assistant and followed all the instructions. When the time remaining bar got down to about a minute, it started to creep back up. img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/LbH6I.jpg" alt="Info on the screen"  It kept going and going. I left it for an hour and a half (bearing in mind the transfer up until then had taken 20 minutes). It had reached about 17 hours by the time I decided to give up.   I then formatted the drive and reinstalled Yosemite via the Internet. So starting with a clean state I tried again with method 2 which was via a Timemachine backup. This had exactly the same effect. I'm going to leave it overnight in vein hope that something might happen, however I thought that I might as well ask on here to see if there are any suggestions.  This is similar to another question, New Mac Pro: Setup/Migration Assistant never finishes, and one piece of advice from that is that I should just boot into target mode and manually copy files over. I may well end up doing that, although obviously I don't want to miss anything.  <answer196802> I'd have taken both machines up to 10.10.4 first using the combo updater - as it specifically includes fixes for Migration Assistant.    Then I'd have emfollowed the instructions/em rather than try it in target disk mode - you need to be running Migration Assistant on strongboth/strong machines, as you must authorise on both.   I've successfully migrated two machines in the past month, one from 10.10.4 to 10.10.4  ...the other from Windows XP… &amp; if it can do that, it can do anything ;-)  <comment235004> actually Apple says   Open Migration Assistant, click Continue, then follow the onscreen instructions to transfer info from a Mac.  Open Migration Assistant on the "other Mac", then follow the onscreen instructions to transfer info to a Mac <comment235005> @Buscar웃SD that didn't work. Couldn't seem to find the donor Mac on the Thunderbolt cable. Target mode should be no different <comment235011> No. Method two was via Ethernet to a time capsule. <comment235013> is your disk encrypted on donor ? <comment235043> Nope. I've ended up just leaving it in target mode and manually copying stuff over. Bit annoying but done now. <comment235045> Thanks for coming back and sharing. <comment235313> The Migration Assistant wouldn't recognise the donor machine when connected via a Thunderbolt cable. I did originally follow instructions to the tee. Also the fact that it wouldn't restore via TimeMachine also suggested a problem.