Mac is slower and has strange nuances in operation after liquid contact <body> I need some advice with my MBP late 2011 model (13″ Intel i5, 2.4 GHz, 500 GB HDD, 4 GB RAM).  It all started one day when was a heavy rain which went through my windows. I had my Mac on my bed and my bed was completely soaked.  I wiped off the rain water on my Mac and when I powered it on it didn't turn on. I had to press and hold the power button until it came back to life.  strongObservations afterwards/strong  ol liEach time I have to turn on my mac, I have to press and hold the power button until the sleep light indicator starts blinking then I release it before it turns on./li liI performed resetting the SMC and it didn't work: http://support.apple.com/en-au/HT201295 /li liI also realized that the mac is considerably slower after the rain incident so I upgraded to an 8 GB RAM. However even after the upgrade it's still slow. Much slower than my Windows 7 8 GB RAM i5 Acer laptop. I had to download novabench to benchmark their performances for comparison./li liI also formatted my 500 GB hard drive and perform a clean install of OS X Mavericks since that was what I performed the benchmarks on. The newly installed OS together with the 8 GB RAM is still really slow (you can tell from using it and also as indicated by the benchmark result)/li liI have replaced my 500 GB with an old 256 GB running Mavericks and the performance is still poor./li /ol  My question is what could possibly be wrong with my mac and how can I get its performace as it was before the rain incident. The 8 GB RAM isn't improving the performance. I am thinking of getting a SSD hoping it will improve the performance but I highly doubt that.  <answer164606> I really think your best option is to take it into an Apple-licensed fix-it person and have them open it up. I expect they'll find some kind of damage on the motherboard (probably up and around the underside &amp; top). Water does some gnarly things to electronics, so just because it's still turning on and 'working' doesn't mean there isn't something damaged on the mobo.   <comment193094> thanks for your reply. that was my last option.