Can MacBooks run without a battery? <body> I have an ancient MacBook Pro (2008). It is a secondary computer I rarely use, so it was easy to last that long with it.  Such a long lasting service turned me into an adept of Apple quality. I am looking forward to buy a new one except... nowadays the battery is harder to remove.  My concern is not "a replaceable battery", it is more of "a removable battery". As soon as the battery dies, I would like to keep using the laptop with a power cord. However I've seen all my batteries swelling and/or getting extremely hot. I might be paranoid, but in those cases I just wanted to remove the battery and keep using a good enough laptop.  Is this possible with new MacBooks? Can they work without a battery attached? Or can their batteries be ignored once they expire?  <answer286258> I had an issue with a swollen battery on my 2011 MBP (13"). While I waited for the replacement battery, I ran it at home with the old battery removed (it was swollen enough that the trackpad didn't work anymore). The machine ran without a problem with no battery plugged in.   The only thing you have to watch for is that the MagSafe plug comes unplugged easily… certainly by design! With no battery, this results in a hard shutdown for the computer, so make sure you're careful with the computer (or, better yet, use it like a desktop so there's less chance of jostling the power cable).   TL;DR: Yes, at least as recently as the 2011 MBP. Likely true for rMBP, not sure on the new ones with TB3.   <comment361122> Note that you might run into [this issue](https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/282478/macbook-pro-late-2013-runs-very-slow-after-removed-battery?rq=1) while you're running battery-less. Extra motivation to get a new battery, I suppose. <comment361189> As far as I've read, latest models do have the batteries glued and in some models it is imposible to remove the battery without destroying the keyboard (you get a new one too during a service replacement). Also all of them have the problem where the swollen battery pushes the trackpad and it stops working... so even more reasons for me going battery free. Magsafe  is no longer a concern nowadays