Daisy-chain non-display port displays <body> I have a Mac Mini (Mid 2011) running OS X Lion with two monitors currently hooked up to it. One is a DVI monitor (it also supports VGA) and the other is VGA-only.  ul liThe DVI monitor is currently hooked up using the HDMI port on the Mac Mini, with, of course, an HDMI to DVI adapter./li liThe other monitor is currently hooked up using a DisplayPort to VGA adapter./li /ul  This all just works fine. But whenever I want to watch a video on my TV (for example), I have to put the TV into the HDMI port, thereby disconnecting my main monitor. I was wondering if it is possible to daisy chain this.  I want to just hook up an adapter or something like that, put my two monitors in there and then just hook up the TV, being able to use it whenever I want to.   Is it possible to do such a thing? I know it's possible by using two Thunderbolt monitors, daisy chaining them and then plug in the other display (a TV for example...) to the HDMI port. However, I don't want to buy two new display's...  Thanks in advance, Robert  <answer40070> Unfortunately, it is not possible to daisy chain displays through Mini DisplayPort.   However, there is a company called DisplayLink that makes software drivers for USB video adapters. They also have links in their store to Mac compatible, DisplayLink approved USB display adapters. One of my coworkers uses this to connect a MacBook Pro to two external displays and a TV in his office. It uses the extended desktop feature for each display. It's a pretty sweet setup and works flawlessly.   I see no reason why this wouldn't work for you. Good luck!  <comment45707> Also you might consider adding something like an Apple TV to your TV. It will do a good job of streaming video from your mac and also take some load of your mac mini's CPU. And should be less CPU overhead and resource use than a USB to HDMI video adapter. <comment45733> Thanks for the tip MrDaniel, but it's just an example, I could also want to add another screen for instance :-)