Properly delete and then restore everything in iCloud Photos <body> Due to what seems to be a very unusual bug, the storage counter for my iCloud account is stuck thinking that I have occupied more Photos storage than I really have. I was briefly in contact with Apple support, and I want to empty iCloud of photos and videos completely (basically down to 0 bytes). I want to do this to make sure that the storage usage is properly calculated.  After deleting all Photo/Video content in iCloud, I then want to restore the photos, videos, and preferably also all meta data (emdates, folders, locations…/em) in its entirety.  strongQuestion/strong: What would be the suggestible way to accomplish this?  I have Photos on my iMac set to "Download and keep all originals". Can I simply make a backup of codePhotos Library.photoslibrary/code, then go to iCloud.com and delete everything in the "emPhotos app/em", and somehow restore everything from the codephotoslibrary/code file?  I want to be absolutely sure that everything on iCloud is properly saved and restored. Even if that means that I have to download everything from iCloud.com – in case that the codephotoslibrary/code file for some discrepant reason may be incomplete relative to what's actually in iCloud.  <answer239696> "Download and keep all originals" is the correct setting to get all your photos onto your Mac. These originals are stored in codePhotos Library.photoslibrary/code, you can check the exact location of your library by launching the photos app while pressing emoption/em. You can also check for syncing problems by creating a smart album, looking for files failed to sync.  After you have double-checked all of the above and saved your library on a secure place you go to strongSystem Preferences - iCloud/strong and choose emManage/em in the lower right corner (I don't know the exact translation, I'm using my Mac in another language). In the popup menu, choose photos and then delete from emiCloud Drive/em.  The photos will be stored online for the next 30 days, so you are able to download them again, in case you made a mistake. After that period (make yourself a calendar entry) you can activate iCloud Photo Library again, and all your files will be uploaded again. 