Apple Watch: Fastest way to adjust volume of iPhone <body> Using the Apple Watch, what is the emfastest/em way to adjust the volume of the iPhone?  Two assumptions/criteria:  ul liWhen you raise your wrist, the view on the Apple Watch from your wrist, should be the watch face view; not the last view used./li liAudio playing on the iPhone is coming from  emany/em iOS app; not just Apple's emMusic/em app./li /ul  The fastest way I currently know of (by my expectations neither fast nor nimble) is to open the Dock by pressing the Dock button; navigate to the "Now Playing" view with the Digital Crown (having ordered that view near the bottom of the Dock list); and when the "Now Playing" view is active adjust the volume with the Digital Crown.  Unfortunately, "Now Playing" is not a proper watchOS application, and therefore cannot be brought up by double-pressing the Digital Crown, assuming it would've been the last app used.  I'm wondering if there is a quick way to adjust iPhone volume from the Apple Watch, using a keypress combination or something else.  I guess one option could be to tell Siri to em"lower volume by 10 %"/em, but I find Siri control quite tedious, and it will interrupt current playback. Issuing a percentage change is ironically also a very discrete action, because it cannot be fine-tuned without having to issue a new voice command.   <comment356344> Er, in my experience Now Playing, if it is the most recently active app, _can_ be brought up by double-clicking the crown... Regardless, have you considered adding it as a complication? That would make three steps for volume adjustment: wake watch, tap complication, turn digital crown. <comment356345> @Merlin Have you really tried double-tapping the Crown? Because it doesn't work for me for Now Playing. Furthermore, there's no Complication for it. <comment356483> Ah, there's the problem: I almost never play media on my iPhone other than through the Music app, so I conflated Now Playing with Music's currently-playing view (which is pulled up by default through the Music complication or Crown double-click.) You are correct, my mistake!