USB drive causes "OS X Can't Repair The Disk" error repeatedly <body> I've got a 2.5" 1 TB external that I've used for a couple years now. Initially it was in an OWC enclosure, and then more recently its in a Sabrent enclosure that I bought off of Amazon to get USB 3.0 compatibility.  Since I got the drive, three times now I've received the error "OS X Can't Repair The Disk" and followed the instructions to copy everything off of the drive, reformat the drive, and copy the files back.  Each time, everything seems to work fine for a number of days.  My (limited) understanding is that this is caused by not ejecting the drive properly before unplugging the cable.  My concern here is that there might be something else going on, as this problem has become much more prevalent in the past couple months.  Does anyone know if this could be caused by the drive or the enclosure? I'm thinking of backing the files up, switching to another enclosure, and seeing if I can get by without a problem for more than a couple weeks.  Thank you!  <comment211568> The way you're saying it, it sounds like you do unplug your drive without ejecting first? If yes - that is very likely the reason. <comment211570> What is the manufacture date on the drive and do you still have the OWC enclosure? This could be a function of the drive's age but it does seem like more than a coincidence that your problems started with the purchase of the new enclosure... <comment211627> Unplugging without ejecting doesn't allow the file tables to be correctly updated. Most times you'll get away with it bar a couple of repairs - just that 999th time you'll lose the whole drive... <comment211712> Sorry for the confusion. I do eject it prior to unplugging it. But I sometimes eject and plug this drive back in 2 or 3 times a day. I have had the drive go away after clicking eject only to get a dialog telling me that it couldn't be ejected a few seconds later. Is there a more fool-proof way of checking if the drive has actually been ejected than just pressing eject and waiting?