XCode 4 - slow performance <body> I have an issue with XCode 4 which is responding very slowly to user interactions (e.g. editing code, scrolling areas). This particularly happens with larger scale projects with many controllers/view, and files.  I completely wiped the hard disk and re-installed Snow Leopard and XCode the other week, but steadily it ground to a frustrating response time again (over a number of days) disrupting workflow considerably.br I have also on occasion removed the project's "dereived data" via "Organiser  Projects" and this has had little effect.  I'm wondering if there is anything I can do to improve performance other than get a higher-speed machine in the first instance.  FYI, I'm running MacBook with Intel Core 2 Duo processors at 2GHz and 4GB of RAM.  In case we need to upgrade, I'd also like to know if people are experiencing this poor performance from XCode 4 on well speedy machines (which would make our hardware upgrade rather pointless as it's only Xcode that has any performance issue on the MacBook).  If anybody has any suggestions or recommendations, or could even let us know how improved hardware effects XCode's performance on larger project trees, then that would be extremely helpful, and also a valuable resource for other developers in a similar position.  <answer16012> Since the least expensive 11" MacBook Air screams in Xcode4 with less RAM and similar CPU, unless you have some more details on what is being constrained, the order I would look to speed things up is:  1) Decent or good SSD for the OS / User folder and code+libraries/SDK (you can leave the rest of the Apps and large non dev related user files on a spinning HD if you can't justify a large enough SSD to hold everything) 2) Enough RAM to have only half the total RAM active and wired when you are experiencing the slowdowns. 3) Reducing other drains on the system while coding 4) Lastly getting a new CPU.  <comment17456> Crosspost: http://stackoverflow.com/q/6355667/557219 <comment17465> It will be hard to guess your specific bottleneck. Have you fired up activity monitor to see if RAM or CPU is constrained? Is it disk IO? Have you tried sampling Xcode in instruments to see where it's busy? Adding CPU power if you need better storage would not help much. <comment17483> Since Xcode 4 is a $5 Mac App store program that anyone can buy, I don't see how this doesn't relate directly to Apple software (and performance running on Apple hardware). My vote is to reopen this... <comment17492> @bmike My guess is that this was closed because of the crosspost.