lagging cursor from magic mouse and magic trackpad <body> I have a brand new mac mini 2012 connected to a Thunderbolt display. Since the Thunderbolt display was connected, I sometimes get a lagging cursor, meaning that moving the mouse/trackpad leads the cursor to follow the position very slowly. I have connected both, a Magic Mouse and a Magic Trackpad.   I'm trying to track down this issue but up to now, no avail. I've already connected another Magic Mouse, but same here.  Any idea welcome.  EDIT: if only the trackpad or the mouse is attached, it gets a bit better, but still not acceptable. I also moved around my WiFi-station and the Mac mini - not better.  <answer86139> Could be radio interference. Try plugging in a usb mouse and see if you have the same issue.   <answer87679> Thanks for the hint with the radio interference, that seemed to be a large part of the problem.  In the end I did a lots of thing to get it going (consider it took like 6 hours all in all):  ul liI switched to cable network in that room (almost). WiFi and Bluetooth definitely where interacting negatively. BTW: cable networking feels so much better!/li lithe WiFi base-station was moved away from the Mac mini to the opposite side of the room./li lithe Magic Trackpad is switched off most of the time. It looks like there is some kind of interference between Magic Mouse and Magic Trackpad./li liI deinstalled or updated any system preferences app, especially everything that has to do with GUI control./li /ul  Why I didn't move to a cable-mouse? I'm used to work with the swipe gesture a lot, and I'm not aware of a cable-mouse that understands Mac gestures.  <answer208324> I've been experiencing the same issue, but with Dell Ultrasharp U2515H, MacBook Pro 13" and Magic mouse. Then I found out about SmoothMouse. It's not resolve the issue completely but it helps.  <comment99493> I have the same issue. With bot my MacBook Pro (week old) as my MacBook Air. Just received a new thunderbolt cable. Still an issue. <comment99543> thanks guys for your feedback. I'm still investigating. @Ramon: do you also have both, a Magic Mouse and a Magic Trackpad connected?