New Mac Pro: Setup/Migration Assistant never finishes <body> I am trying to transfer my existing (Early 2008) Mac Pro to a new (refurb) 2013 Mac Pro.  I'm still in "setup assistant" mode.  The amount of information being transferred is about 120Gb.  I've tried transferring over a direct-connected Ethernet from Mac-to-Mac, as well as a embrand new/em Time Machine backup to an external SSD connected via a Thunderbolt 1 breakout box.  Every time I try to transfer, the transfer makes it to the applications stage in a reasonable amount of time.  The progress bar is emalmost/em full. Then it starts doing the applications.  At first, the screen shows "Transferring Applications"/"Transferring files to support applications" pretty fast.  Then it starts getting slower.  And slower.  All the while, the completion time (which was "about a minute" starts creeping up.)  The first time I let it run all night.  By morning it was saying there would be over 250 hours to completion.  I've tried it 4 times since then (including a complete system reinstall), and the same thing happens every time.  I feel like I'm down to 2 scenarios:  ol liThe Mac Pro has a hardware issue.  I've already run the hardware diagnostics, but nothing shows up.  That being said, this is a refurb, it's possible something is wrong that only affects the new machine during long transfers./li liThere's something in the backup or my applications setup that's causing the migration to get stuck in a loop.  I've looked on the system drive for a log, but I haven't found one./li /ol  Here's where it gets really, really bizarre: I can't find any sign of the files transferred on the new Mac after I've stopped it.  Not a single file appears on "Macintosh HD" on the new Mac.  Any ideas? Apple can't help me in the store until Monday, so I thought I'd ask here.  <answer162130> Not really an answer to the real issue, but an alternative that somehow worked:  I ended up loading the recovery partition on the new Mac (CMD+R while booting), and choosing to restore from TimeMachine.  It took about 15-20 minutes to completely restore everything, and the new computer has been running fine ever since.  I know this is usually a bad idea, since I'm restoring to a completely different machine, but it seems to have worked with no obvious ill results.  Just an option if you are desperate as I was.  <answer193567> Also not really an answer but more a practical approach.  Another idea that requires manual work. I did this with a Macbook Pro and a MacPro 2006:  ul liBoot your old MacPro into Firewire Target Mode (yes this works with "T" on power on)./li liConnect it to you new MacPro with a FireWire cable./li liMount all harddiscs/li liCopy over all data you need, but leave out the Library folder in your old homedirectory./li liDo a fresh install of your favourite software, that is quicker and safer that copying them from the old MacPro or a TimeMachine Backup. You will definitely miss important files. (just my experience with MS Office)/li /ul  Positive effect of this: you trashed all old things you really do not need. :-)  I even go a step further - On my old MacPro I set all files and directories I want to copy on a red label in the finder. When mounting the harddiscs, I immediately see what is important and needs to be copied. :-) And as a reminder of which software I will need on the new machine, I set the finder label "green" to all applications I will need on my new machine.  <answer215618> This happened to me when migrating to my current Macbook Pro. What worked for me was to strongmigrate everything except Applications/strong, and then reinstall those as needed. Fortunately, since it does still copy over your home directory, all my Application preferences were still there, so it was fairly painless.  <comment206467> +1, I am having the exact same issue.  Did you try selecting to restore everything *but* applications, with the intention of re-installing all of your applications later on?  I am debating about trying that. <comment206469> @ESultanik No, but reinstalling the applications is pretty much the reason I didn't want to do a full reinstallation in the first place.  I've been using the new Mac Pro with the TM restoration I explained below since I wrote this, and it's been working without serious issue.