Can you restore a big-drive Mac backup onto a small-drive Mac from a Time Machine? <body> Can Apple's Time Machine restore routine handle excluding files from a 200 GB MacBook backup, in order to make the backup fit a smaller 128 GB drive?   hr  emBackgrounder:/em I have had the unfortunate experience to have to return an OWC 480 GB internal harddisk upgrade, that I installed in a 128 GB MacBook. It became unstable after only 4-5 months use and I have had to send it twice for repair/replacement. Until now, the replacement back-and-forth have lasted for more than 4 months, so I decided to go back to the 128 GB disk + an external drive and demanded a refund.   It seems, that OWC is the only option and I am not very keen to try purchasing another one of the same kind. I really don't trust the quality anymore and the company's reparation service is way too slow.  Before I sent the 480 GB disk off for repair, I made a Time Machine backup. At that time, I had used about 200 GB of the disk. I can easily identify 100 GB files, that does not have to go back to the smaller 128 GB disk.  It will take a little while before I am able to try out the restore in practice, so I am very curious to hear if anyone knows about this.  Maybe the TM restore will ask you what you want to omit? Or offers to save it off to an external drive? Maybe I am dreaming...  <comment318140> It might work if you set everything up as a new install of the OS, then used the Migration Assistant to transfer from the backup. Otherwise I don't believe you have the option to selectively restore. You could also restore the backup onto another partition on the external drive, prune whatever you don't need, then use something like [Carbon Copy Cloner](https://bombich.com/) to clone the remaining data on the new partition onto the internal drive. <comment320771> Tubedogg's comment seems simplest: I would get (or borrow) an external 500GB cheap HDD and make a clean install. Then use Migration Assistant to restore to it from Time Machine. Then prune your files down to 100GB and use CCC as Tubedogg suggests. You might have to shrink the partition to 110GB to make it small enough to fit inside your 128GB partition. Or make a fresh TimeMachine backup (which will now be only 100GB) and restore from that to a clean install on your 128GB MacBook.