How to access Time Capsule through a different router? <body> I have two routers, let's call them Monkey and Chicken. Each is running a wifi network. The order looks like this right now:  modem - monkey - time capsule - chicken  The cord from Monkey to Time Capsule is going from Monkey LAN into the Time Capsule WAN port (and it's set to bridge mode), then the next cord goes from Time Capsule LAN into Chicken WAN.  I connect my laptop to Chicken's wifi, and I can use the internet just fine, but I can't see the Time Capsule itself. I have to swap network connections over to Monkey to get Time Machine to run (which sort of defeats the purpose of having a never-think-about-it backup).  What do I need to do so that my computer, hooked to Chicken, can see the Time Capsule? Swap the order of the boxes? Make Time Capsule run in some other mode? I'm open to pretty much any rearrangement, but I do need to keep both Monkey and Chicken as separate networks/routers, and obviously simpler is better.   <comment271272> For people to help you it will be important to specify what internal addresses each of your routers are using, e.g. 192.168.1.x addresses, or 10.0.x.x addresses. This will help identify if your two routers are on different subnets. Please clarify if the Wifi router for Chicken is set to bridge mode?  You can have both on the same subnet, but each with different WiFi signals and different WiFi passwords. It may also help to clarify why you need two separate WiFi routers, e.g. to keep children on a different password. <comment271344> Monkey is 192.168.1.x;  Chicken is 192.168.37.x and is not set up as a bridge, it's acting as a normal router. The explanation for why I need two networks is long and boring, but please trust that I do. I know I could solve all of this by using a single network but that's not an option. <comment271673> Beyond my skill level, sorry. Can your computer's Finder, when attached to Chicken, successfully access afp://192.168.1.1/ for the Monkey Time Capsule, or afp://MonkeyTimeCapsule.local/  ? (Insert appropriate base station name or IP address). If that doesn't work, then I can't help.