How do I restore the tab to Increase Indent Level in Keynote '13? <body> As of Keynote '13 for Mavericks, it seems Apple disabled kbd⇥ Tab/kbd to increase indent level (and kbd⇧ Shift/kbd+kbd⇥ Tab/kbd to decrease it).  Is there any way to re-enable this? I tried using the Keyboard Shortcuts control, but you cannot set kbd⇥ Tab/kbd as a keyboard shortcut (it instead just moves you to the next control).  <answer141105> After a great deal of testing, I have come to the conclusion that tab works to increase indent, but ONLY if your master slide is configured to have bullets. My solution (since I did not really want bullets on my slides) was to turn on bullets and set the color opacity to 0.   <answer141108> I have this same issue where tabs insert a tab without increasing the indent... and I have to use the indent button to get the bullets feature to behave correctly from the master template. This was confusing me a great deal as bullets weren't working correctly per the master template formatting... until I figured out the issue was with the tab key response. The issue is associated with keynote files updated from 09. I haven't found a solution yet to get the tab working to drive indentation  <answer172001> I had decimal tabs bult into a text block and when using the Tab key, it pushed lines from the far left.  Holding the OPTION key don while tabbing makes it work correctly....Bizarre behavior  <comment127437> ⇥ and ⇧⇥ work fine for me - I don't think it's been removed :) <comment127438> Tab inserts a tab now. Are you running the new Mavericks version? <comment127439> Hmm... it seems like it just borked all of the existing templates. Using a new template, tab increases indent. <comment131420> I have this same issue where tabs insert a tab without increasing the indent... and I have to use the indent button to get the bullets feature to behave correctly from the master template. This was confusing me a great deal as bullets weren't working correctly per the master template formatting... until I figured out the issue was with the tab key response. The issue is associated with keynote files updated from 09. I haven't found a solution yet to get the tab working to drive indentation. <comment132489> I have tried editing an existing template and the behavior turns from tab to increase indent level to tab inserts a tab character. Looks like a bug. <comment166317> I have given up on using files brought over from '09 and am just making a new master from scratch. So, with bullets turned on, the behavior still does not work right on files from '09?