Windows "no bootable device" error when booting off my Mac after installing Linux <body> So the end goal here is triple-booting my Mac (running Sierra, Macbook Pro 7,1, if it matters) and I felt like I had almost done it until I ran into this problem. I had been setting up/configuring windows 10 to my needs, doing a couple restarts of Windows in the process and it worked perfectly fine. I switch over to OSX, where I partition my drive and restore it to Ubuntu from a flash drive, then I disable SIP, do a bless command to fix rEFInd not being prioritized on startup, then reboot hop into Linux to test that it works- it does. Also, I note that the windows partition was created using Bootcamp Assistant, but the disk I used to install it was not because it was unsupported on my model (created with Etcher if that matters). Also my model didn't support Windows 10 so I had to edit some file (plist I think?) and remove my mac's model number from an array of unsupported models to get it to work.  Here's where the problem happens. I reboot and select the windows option in rEFInd- which, I note, says legacy mode and boots with a grey windows logo; I don't know what that means but it hadn't been like that before and it might be important- and fairly soon it brings me to a black screen with some text in the upper-left saying something like "no bootable device- insert boot disk and press any key". From here I can't do anything and must force restart using the physical power button to escape. When I use startup disk to make sure I boot from the bootcamp partition directly instead of using rEFInd at startup, same thing happens. I had originally installed Windows via a DVD I burned, but when I tried inserting it before booting it was asking me to reinstall Windows entirely, which I could do if it comes to that but I'd be losing all my data because I didn't make a backup. I also tried inserting a USB containing the WindowsSupport folder Boot Camp Assistant generates for you and booting with that inside, but it didn't help (regardless of how it was formatted)- I either got stuck with a flashing underscore or some other, similar error message. It may be worth noting that when I hold alt to see bootable disks at startup, Windows does not show up (just Apple).  I'm lost as to why this happens. If I look through the windows files via OSX, they all seem to be there, and I really don't think I changed anything in between when Windows was working and when it wasn't. The only things I did which I feel like could affect anything was do that bless command for rEFInd and restore Linux. But I don't see how.   <comment361450> I think this has something to do with the filesystems that Windows requires but Linux and Mac do not. Apple has a BootCamp program because of this windows file system requirement which is NTFS. Apple uses HFS+, and Linux CAN run under HFS+. <comment361451> The problem being that when you partitioned the disk I'm not sure that the EFI for the Mac to properly see is there anymore due to rEFInd. However I may be wrong which is why this is a comment. <comment361496> Is there anything I can do about any of these things? I don't understand this stuff too well and it was a struggle just to get this far, I'd appreciate any suggestions to try even if you're not sure it will work <comment361535> I'm sorry but I do not know where to go from there. All I know is rEFInd messes with macs really bad because of the file system requirements for Apple operating systems. Simply updating your Mac operating system later on could screw it all up again from what I've seen. My only suggestion would be to Have OSX -  Bootcamp - Then partition again for Linux without rEFInd. However I have never done it before, only researched it to try and do it myself.