Privacy violation with sms and facetime <body> This happened today:  ul liI got a phone number and sent an sms there/li lithe person replied/li liI suddenly had the person's apple id (mail address)/li /ul  I asked the person and she was not aware of it, she just replied to the sms. And I never had her email address before that!  How the hell did the phone know to use facetime messages? I just sent an SMS, there should be no indication that I use an iPhone. How did apple map the response to my facetime account? Is my number stored on their servers??  Theoretically some creep could just mail people and hope they reply back and then he has the matching email for a phone number. This is wrong on so many levels! From the mail you can often deduce the person's name, and so on. I should never get that info without the other person's consent .. and this should be the default!  So not really interested in the answer because it should be the default, but which setting are we talking about and where can I change it?  <answer192613> As a short answer - iMessage uses the phone number or email address that you sent your message to as the reply's "sender ID". It is possible the recipient's phone instead used the setting for "Start New Conversations From" instead, which can be an email address, but that would also require that person to have changed their setting from their phone number to their email address.  The longer version - There is no such thing as "FaceTime messages". It's called iMessage and is a very popular feature of iOS. Messages sent between Apple devices default to iMessage unless one or more of the people in the conversation has it disabled. It says iMessage at the top of the conversation view when iMessage is being used.  Your phone number is known to Apple because, well, you are using an iPhone, which was made by Apple. Your friend is also apparently using some sort of Apple device. Apple knows both of your email addresses because you each have an Apple ID, which requires an email address to set up.  It is unclear how you are claiming to have received this person's email address. Are you stating that, once you received a reply, Messages changed from showing that person's phone number in the list of messages to showing their email address?  The only time that an email address is exposed in the way you suggest is when a person starts a new conversation and has the "Start New Conversations From" setting (Settings  Messages  Send &amp; Receive) as an email address associated with their account, either their Apple ID or another email they have added. Note that in order for that to happen, the user has to have emstarted/em the conversation, and emmanually changed that setting/em - the default is phone number.  In your case, you state you messaged this other person first. When you initiate a conversation, the reply comes back from the other person via the phone number or email address that you sent a message to. It's possible the device made a mistake and sent a "sender ID" of that person's setting for "Start New Conversations From". But again, the person has to have manually changed that setting for that to even be a possibility.  <comment229209> I suggest that you review the T&C's to find out more about Apple's privacy policy and remove all of your email addresses from Settings - Messages - Send & Recieve. <comment229234> To start with, your email is not private unless you have home email server. The device it self is automatically identified, so that is how it is know it is iPhone. There is no privacy in that. If your Facetime is linked and allowed that is how that works (and you can disable that in Facetime privacy). <comment229281> How did the person reply? via SMS?