Mac won't boot from USB drive: Prohibited sign <body> I tried to clean install OS X El Capitan on my Mac, but it won't boot from the USB drive. Here are the steps I took to create the bootable USB drive: (I have a mid strong2014 MacBook Pro/strong with Retina Display)  ul liDownloaded the latest OS X El Capitan (10.11.3) from the Mac App Store./li liCreated a bootable USB drive using codecreateinstallmedia/code (as explained here) and it went well./li liErased codeMacintosh HD/code./li liTried booting from USB drive. It loads through the middle, but then a prohibited sign shows up and nothing happens./li /ul  What are my options now?  How can I determine what the problem is? I know codeInternet Recovery/code is one of my option, but I can't connect to my home Wi-Fi (apparently for no good reason) and I have to do it with my iPhone's Hotspot, and I happen to have the setup for El Capitan. (And Internet Recovery will install OS X Mavericks on my MacBook, right? Because it was shipped with Mavericks.)  <answer227005> I've tried creating a bootble OSX drive from a Windows, it just causes errors during installation so I recommend doing it from a Mac or a friend's Mac  <answer238665> Follow the steps from the link below to create a OS X USB installer: http://www.macworld.com/article/2981585/operating-systems/how-to-make-a-bootable-os-x-10-11-el-capitan-installer-drive.html  PS: use USB 2.0 storage device to do it and it's gonna work! USB 3.0 storage devices will not work for this!  <answer263397> It may be that boot-up from the USB flash drive is "prohibited" because your USB flash drive requires adjustment to the "ownership" settings. I learned this the hard way myself. Most of the guides, including Apple's own support doc on how to create a bootable Mac OS installer on USB — as of this date — fail to mention the ownership step.  First and foremost, the USB flash drive must support ownership functionality. Complicating matters, the USB flash drive default may disable boot support. For this reason, you will need to enable it before/after completing the process described by Apple, MacWorld and others using the "createinstallmedia" command in the Terminal window.  The "missing step", after ensuring the USB flash drive is formatted correctly, involves mounting the USB flash drive on the desktop, and doing "Get Info" (right-click if your mouse supports it). After launching "Get Info" you will see a window appear. The lowermost right corner is a padlock icon. To unlock it, enter your administrative password. On the lowermost left side there may be a box (checked) that says "ignore ownership". emUncheck the box/em. Click the padlock to save the changes. If you haven't done so already, proceed with Apple's "createinstallmedia" command line instructions in the Terminal window.  When the process is complete, reboot while holding down the Option key. Continue to hold down Option until you see the USB flash drive as a boot option. If you can't see it, reset the PRAM and try again. If you still can't boot from the USB flash drive, verify that you created the Mac OS installer on the USB flash drive emwhile working in the same (or as close to) current Mac OS as you intend to write to the USB flash drive/em. Some users have problems creating a successful bootable USB flash drive because they attempt to follow Apple's instructions on older versions of Mac OS X that require Disk Utility, not the Terminal window "createinstallmedia" command, to create a bootable USB flash drive. If all else fails, try a different name-brand flash drive of at least 8 gigabytes or greater in size. (Do keep in mind that there are a lot of counterfeits sold by third parties on Ebay and Amazon so it's equally important to buy your USB flash drive new from a reputable source.)  The most thorough guide I have found on the topic of creating a bootable Mac OS installer on a USB flash drive is here:  https://www.lifewire.com/create-emergency-os-x-boot-device-2260173  <comment275668> Are you saying you erased the Macintosh HD _before_ booting the OS X USB Installer to access Disk Utility from it to prepare the SSD and install OS X? <comment275670> @user3439894 yes. <comment275671> Wow, I didn't think OS X would allow itself to be erased when running from the boot volume.  Anyway do you have a friend that can download OS X 10.11 and recreate the installer on your USB drive?  That or take it to an Apple store, they'll install it for you. BTW Yes using Internet Recovery will install what was shipped on the Mac. <comment275672> @user3439894 I erased the hard drive from OS X Recovery (as was instructed in an Apple Support page). Can I recreate USB installer from a Windows machine? I searched a lot, came up with TransMac which needs a dmg file and I have the .app version of OS X installer. Any idea how to convert? <comment275677> Sorry, don't know anything about creating an OS X USB Installer under Windows as I have absolutely no good reason to use Windows for anything anymore.  As a matter of fact, if I didn't have a Mac, I'd run Linux before ever running Windows again. :) <comment275716> How does this address the issues raised in the question? <comment292748> Welcome to ask Different.  Just a couple critiques on your post...first, it doesn't answer the OP's question.  Secondly, you should expand your answer beyond just a link.  Links should be provided as a means to get more info, not to be the answer in its entirety. <comment363316> This is simply not true. If creating the installer from Windows causes installation issues it is because you are creating the installer incorrectly. You need software to enable browsing/formatting as HFS+, as this is the format used by macOS installers, and is not natively supported by WIndows. I recommend using Bash for Windows and some HFS+ support library together to create the installer using the same method as on macOS. Making a macOS installer on either Windows or Linux is substantially more difficult than doing so on a Mac, however it is very much possible, albeit a hassle.