How to use Numbers to generate pdf on a web server and then email it out? <body> I have an issue.  My client loved the report I generated using Numbers on Mavericks OS X.  The bad news is that the data is being processed on a ubuntu machine running python and django.  I want to automate this report generation which involves exporting to pdf and then sending it out via email.  I have no problems with the web programming, the email automation using Python and Django.  The bad news is I cannot seem to replicate the beautiful layout in Numbers.  I may have to resort to AppleScript.  How do I go about solving this issue assuming I really have to use Numbers?  If I need to get a Apple Server, which version of OS should I get so I can use the Numbers?  And what kind of AppleScript should I write? I am a total newbie to AppleScript.  I am also okay with a solution where my web server stays as it is and handles the emailing, but is able to send a web service call to a Apple machine that will generate the pdf using Numbers.  I need details on how to make a service call to the Apple machine.  strongUPDATE/strong  emHow much data?/em  Each report has 2 pages. Each page has a table of 5 columns. Each table is anywhere between 5 - 500 rows of data.  emWhich type of data?/em Text data such as numbers, strings like the word MATCHED.  emWhat kind of report you're dealing with?/em Think of a simple spreadsheet that has a table of 5 columns of numbers and strings.  <comment206476> Why don't you generate a website with the data directly? Sounds like you only need a CSS that mimicks the Numbers style you've used… could you specify how much data, which type of data, what kind of report you're dealing with? <comment206616> I have gone down that route. I was quoted an amount for the css styles that cost more than 2 mac minis. Also this styles only work for 1 template. Hence I am now contemplating using a mac server instead <comment206623> @Asmus I answered your questions about the data inside the question itself