Screen backlight does not turn on during bootup, but turns on when accessing recovery partition <body> I have a late-2011 15" MacBook Pro running Mavericks.  I normally don't reboot my computer and can leave it logged in for days on end.  I decided to reboot my computer and when it was booting, the screen backlight would not turn on, although I could faintly see the login screen where I could type my password.  I tried resetting the SMC, but that didn't do anything.  I also tried resetting the PRAM, but I'm guessing because I have a firmware password and the computer is FileVault-encrypted, instead of actually resetting the PRAM, I have the prompt to type in my firmware password (also really faint since the backlight isn't on).  If I type in my password, it boots into the recovery partition and the display backlight finally turns on. However upon reboot, the backlight will stop working again.  I tried using Disk Utility to check for any permissions/disk errors but didn't find any issues.  I haven't tried logging in with the faint login screen, only because I can't find my mouse cursor to select my account to login.  I've tried rebooting with both the power cable connected and disconnected.  How can I get my screen backlight to turn back on again?  <answer156100> I had the same problem. The dimmed screen happened during the reboot after turning on file vault. I was able to solve the problem by going into a darkroom. This allowed me to see the cursor and to log in to an account. Once I logged in the back light came on and everything was fine.   I had first tried to solve the problem by zapping the pram. This had no effect.  <answer195700> If you put some light on back through apple logo you can see the logging screen more clearly!  <answer225841> System Preferences  Displays : Uncheck Automatically adjust brightness ..that's what fixed it for me :)  <comment136959> After clicking around a ton in the dimmed login screen I was able to finally click on my user account and login.  After boot the screen backlight did turn on.  When I tried rebooting, the backlight finally did turn on without any issues.  I also tried a full shutdown and poweron and the backlight still turned on.  I guess the successful login fixed the issue, but perhaps someone has some idea as to the cause? <comment136964> Typically the PRAM reset will resolve this odd issue, though in your case you're correct in that your firmware password would prevent that.  If it were to happen again I would boot to the recovery partition, disable the password, reset the PRAM and see if the issue is resolved.  I wish I could give you a definitive answer but in my experience as a technician it's usually felt like an odd software bug that gets reset when the PRAM is reset. <comment214104> I am so surprised that no one agree with this solution! I hit this issue today when updating 10.10.3 and use the same solution it works.