Can I or can't I develop on a jailbreak iPhone? <body> Does any one have a definitive answer?  I am reading so many answers that tell you both thing, one tells you that it is not a problem at all and the other one is very definite NO...Is there any developer over here that has a jailbreaked iPhone that is using it to test the application in development?  From what I heard from friends, Not over the web, Apple don't allow that and is checking for that, but over the web I've read that it is not a problem....  I will eventually remove the  jailbreak that was installed on my lovely iPhone, but I want to know if to do it now or can I wait with that because I want the person that installed it to remove it and give me the iPhone I asked for....never mind, if I can wait, I prefer to do it this way (might take weeks of month as we do not leave in the same place) but if I have to, I will do it by myself and that's all..  <answer13423> The jailbreak does not affect the functionality of the phone except to allow MORE things to run on it, so there's no reason to think it won't work for development.  <answer13489> I've used my former lost jailbroken iPhone to develop, yes. But you'll need more than jailbreaking, though, granted, strongjailbreak is a must/strong (except in very specific cases):  ul liActually the only very rare specific exception I know of is the Unity 3D's amazing strongRemote/strong - but that does (currently) limit phone features that can be tested. No gyroscope for instance./li liThe regular way is hacking Xcode. Of course the limitation here is deploying: only with USB./li liAnother way could be something like TestFlight - while I'm not sure this can be done without a proper developer license, I wouldn't be surprised if there's a way to do it Over the Air./li /ul  <comment14190> 10x, So i can test on it for now? no problems? I don't like that, I want it the way apple intended it to be. But for now, untill i get hold of the place and get there, and kick some ass, I can work and test on it with no problems at all? <comment14194> I honestly don't see why not. Functionally speaking, the phone is the same. <comment14198> You will get no definitive answer because this depends on how much you modify/customize the OS, and you can modify a rooted OS enough to break anything and everything, or so little that nothing seems different. <comment14241> I guess that just becouse i don't like using somg the wrong way...Apple build it and they want it to be jailbreak free. But that's stupid me... :-) <comment14242> Hardly. While Apple may have good reasons for disallowing access to the OS, it doesn't make you stupid. <comment14253> I didn't mean that i am stupid becouse of that, that i was saying is that "stupid me" for not wanting like every one else to jailbreak my iphone. becouse i belive, as you said, that apple have good reasons for disallowing access. :-)