Can someone who rsync-s his iTunes music avoid full-fledged exports? <body> I'd like to listen to my iTunes music (especially lossless) in the car and on the go.  I was waiting for a 256GB option from Apple, not particularly for the iPhone 7.  With the iPhone 7 it will still be a hassle to pass a digital signal to an amplifier (plus I'm tired of the price tag Apple imposes for just some extra memory).  Suppose I use instead a 256GB microSDXC card, providing the ultimate portability. I understand that by using an SDXC rather than an iPhone (or the less-than-very-interesting iPod Touch) I would lose the codePlays/code and the codeLast Played/code counts. But that's about it.  This has surely been asked many times before. I wish Apple made it possible to sync from iTunes to a device that provides digital audio out (there are several options on the market), but they have zero incentive (and much to lose) by adding such a facility, or even making it easy to do so.  My question is then: The state of the art, as I understand it, in September 2016, is to:  ol liExport from iTunes a playlist (one whose size does not exceed the SDXC's capacity)./li liUse rsync (which can be easily installed through MacPorts) to sync just the changes./li /ol  Step 2 is pretty fast. But it's tedious to repeat Step 1. Can one do better?  <comment313360> @Tetsujin You raise a valid point, but that's orthogonal to my question—it possibly even reinforces the need to save time exporting. So let me ask: suppose you spent the time to downsample a 128 AAC version of your music onto your Mac's disk before using rsync to the SDXC card. How to you avoid repeatedly doing the first step? <comment313364> @Tetsujin I'm a Mac (and OS X, including iTunes) addict who's contemplating, just contemplating, taking a 2-gram SDXC card with him to the amplifier in the living room via a nice DAC, to the gym with a nice player handling digital files, and to the car with a USB adapter. Can you help? <comment313365> I guess not....