iPhone 'Motion to Photon' rate <body> I recently tried out Google Cardboard VR with an iPhone 7. It didn't take long to notice poor performance (and the accompanying motion sickness) when compared to other virtual reality experiences.  According to many articles and sources online good VR performance is related to a metric often referred to as Motion to Photon. This document further describes the topic:     Latency is widely considered to cause simulator sick-ness in VR and   augmented reality (AR) systems. A commonly cited upper bound on   latency is 60ms to have an acceptable VR experience; however, it   should ideally be below 20ms to be imperceptible.   emWhich leads to my first question: What is the 'motion to photon' rate for the latest and greatest iPhone? (7 Plus?)/em  I have been able to find reported numbers related to many other popular products including Oculus, Vive and PSVR. I can't seem to find anything that even discusses the topic of 'motion to photon' rates achieved by stand-alone phones except this (btw which reports no numbers and is not specifically about iPhone but instead Google CardBoard):     The Cardboard apps have chunkier movement because they are using the   phone's IMU which runs at a much lower sample rate and may or may not   correct for drift all that much, lack the kernel modifications which   allows the GearVR apps to run uninterrupted and at a higher priority   than Android apps are normally allowed, and the ability to set CPU and   GPU performance levels to only spend battery and heat where and when   you need it. The GearVR apps also have Time Warp to keep the   motion-to-photon time lower, as opposed to something like the Vive   which just tries to predict when the per-frame refreshes take place.   This leads to my second question: emAre any phones capable of achieving ~20 ms rate as a standalone device?/em   I realize this is getting long but all this leads to my final bonus question.   The Oculus powered GearVR is reported to achieve the ~20 ms rate. Obviously the phones attached to them can't do this on their own - they take advantage of extra hardware inside the GearVR. The document I had originally quoted above also mentions this fact and explains the performance stats of the Oculus hardware in greater detail:     In addition to accuracy, it is particularly important to provide   stable motions. A further challenge is to reduce latency, which is the   time between moving the head and producing the correct change on the   user’s retinas. Up to now, latency has been the key contributor to VR   simulator sickness. In our case, these particular challenges had to be   overcome with a simple MEMS-based inertial measurement unit (IMU).      All sensing is performed by a single circuit board, shown in Figure 2.   The main components are:      ul   liSTMicroelectronics 32F103C8 ARM Cortex-M3 microcontroller  /li   liInvensense MPU-6000 (gyroscope + accelerometer) /li   liHoneywell HMC5983 magnetometer./li   /ul   It appears the most comparable component to an “IMU” in the iPhone is the motion coprocessor. This is described to do many things for the iPhone such as tracking steps while also saving battery. It is basically an uP that collects data from several sensors:     ul   liaccelerometers/li   ligyroscopes/li   licompasses (magnetometer)/li   /ul   So the list of sensors in both the iPhone and the GearVR appear quite similar, you'd want to think the iPhone, hardware wise, has everything it needs to be a high performance VR device. From what I know, the iPhone has never been advertised or promoted by Apple as a VR device.  Therefore, I am not asking whether the iPhone is a suitable high performance VR device - I am already aware the experience is less than ideal. Given that the answer to my first question is unknown, I'd just like to try to know emhow much less than ideal, described using any data available/em.       This bonus question may help fill some of the gap:  emWhat are the performance characteristics of iPhone (7 Plus) motion coprocessor and how do they stack up to that of the GearVR IMU performance characteristics?/em   I would have posted here, but my question is primarily iPhone specific. As a final note, I am aware of a device released by Occipital that is sort of like GearVR for iPhone, but haven't been able to find much information relating to Motion to Photon rates. 