iOS app is rejected as "Spam" <body> I have similar apps with different design &amp; color theme as per my different client. But Apple is now rejected my latest app as strongspam/strong  Apple message:     h2Guideline 4.3 - Design - Spam/h2      We noticed that your app provides the same feature set as other apps   you've submitted to the App Store; it simply varies in content or   language, which is considered a form of spam.      strongNext Steps/strong      When creating multiple apps where content is the only varying element,   you should offer a single app to deliver differing content to   customers. Alternatively, you may consider creating a web app, which   looks and behaves similar to a native app when the customer adds it to   their Home screen. Refer to the Configuring Web Applications section   of the Safari Web Content Guide for more information.      You will experience a delayed review process if you deliberately   disregard the App Store Review Guidelines, ignore previous rejection   feedback in future app submissions, or use your app to mislead or   deceive users.      strongImportant Information/strong      As a result of violating this guideline, your app’s review has been   delayed. Future submissions of this app, and other apps associated   with your Apple Developer account, will also experience a delayed   review. Deliberate disregard of the App Store Review Guidelines and   attempts to deceive users or undermine the review process are   unacceptable and is a direct violation Section 3.2(f) of the Apple   Developer Program License Agreement. Continuing to violate the Terms &amp;   Conditions of the Apple Developer Program will result in the   termination of your account, as well as any related or linked   accounts, and the removal of all your associated apps from the App   Store.       We want to provide a safe experience for users to get apps and a fair   environment for all developers to be successful. If you believe we   have misunderstood or misinterpreted the intent of your app, you may   submit an appeal for consideration or provide additional clarification   by responding directly to this message in Resolution Center in iTunes   Connect.      For app design information, check out the following videos: "Best   Practices for Great iOS UI Design" and "Designing Intuitive User   Experiences," available on the Apple Developer website.      You may also want to review the iOS Human Interface Guidelines for   more information on how to create a great user experience in your app.   strongHow can I resolve this?/strong  <answer295148> You need to do what is listed under "Next steps" and/or communicate with the Apple review team to solve the issue, primarily     When creating multiple apps where content is the only varying element, you should offer a single app to deliver differing content to customers   Basically you're in violation of the guidelines as having multiple identical apps with only color theme variations is not allowed. You could instead create a single app where the user can select the color theme he wishes. That is allowed.  <comment372531> but theme is as per my different client. Different apps for different client. <comment372540> Make one app which can be configured per client <comment372552> Note that you actually agreed to not publish Apple's review messages when you accepted the Apple Developer Agreement. <comment372556> but how can I sell single app to multiple client with changed theme. I don't want to show the same app to other client. all apps needs to separateas per client. <comment372558> Don't publish your client apps under your own account. Each client should publish his own apps under his own name.