iMac running 10.8.5 hangs on password entry <body> Account is system admin.  Other accounts on iMac work fine and, using them, I can obtain admin privileges by entering my short name and password. I've recovered all files except for Library which contains years of mail history and my stickies.  As a minimum, I would like to access my library.  Optimally, I would like to fix the problem rather than establishing a new account.    Background: On my system admin account I began experiencing denials for simple file moves (prompt: enter admin account and pswd) after installing an update to Garmin Express.  Looked at Sharing and Permissions for user account (user, R &amp; W; wheel, R; everyone, R).  At that time didn't recognize wheel so deleted it).  Shut down computer and problem hang occurred at restart.  Logged in successfully on another account and  disk first aid yielded many permission errors.  Repaired disk permissions and restarted with same hang. (Interestingly, when I enter an incorrect password, I get the 'shaking' incorrect response hint.  Computer still hung when started in Safe Mode.  Made an appointment with the Genius Bar and the technician ran several diagnostics, all of which indicated the disk was OK.  We created a new admin account as a safety net  and deleted the problem account.  For homework, he suggested I use Migration Assistant to reinstall my backup from Time Machine.  Since I didn't notice any option to select an 'earlier' version of backup, not surprisingly,  Migration Assistant reinstalled the problem.   On another account, with my admin privileges, I was able (thankfully) to change sharing and permissions on the original admin account files to access and copy the all files, except for the library, to another drive.br   Searched the internet for solutions to the hang problem. Have reset password from admin account as well as from recovery mode  with no success.  Apparently the keychain password does not get reset using these methods and I can't find a way to reset it.  Some posts suggested that the problem occurred because of deletion of the 'wheel' user so I downloaded BatChmod and reauthorized it.  Problem still occurs.  I am not very proficient with terminal scripts, but am good at copy and pasting. 