Can't scan but can print with Canon PIXMA MG5500 <body> I have a Canon PIXMA MG5500 and a MacBook Pro with OS X 10.10.3   The printer and scanner are supposed to be wireless and I have no problems with the printer but when I try to use the scanner it just won't cooperate.   I have tried emeverything/em. I've uninstalled the drivers and reinstalled them, I've tried looking for answers in the manual and nothing.   When you want to scan something the scanner says I need to set my computer to scan. When I do that my computer can't find the scanner even though the connection is fine and sometimes it asks me to connect it with a USB cable which I don't have and it didn't follow the printer.  <answer182977> The packaging for the Pixma printers is misleading. It's a wireless emprinter/em, but for scanning, you need to either tether to your computer, or plug a USB drive into the printer. When conducting the scan, you'll be prompted to choose the USB drive, and after scans are complete, you can walk the USB to your computer.  <answer190416> Scanning is definitely possible over WiFi using the Pixma iOS app for iPhone/iPad, I use it often this way. To scan wirelessly from a Mac you need to use the Canon IJ Network Scanner Selector to install the scanner. Then you can scan using the Canon IJ Scan Utility 2 or any other scanning application. Note that the manual describes only the locations for Windows, but the utility is also there in Mac OS X if you installed the driver package or can be downloaded separately from the Canon website.  <answer236907> I was having the same problem with Canon Pixma E560, can print but can't scan. The solution I found was in firewall settings. Go to firewall options in security &amp; privacy in system preferences. Allow incoming connections for all canon utilities.   <answer256726> I was able to scan from my Canon MG7500 scanner to my Mac with the pre-installed Image Capture program.  No need for any Canon software.  Good luck!  <answer263330> Reload your Pixma CD as though you were installing it for the first time. That worked for me.  <answer277131> I was just having the same problem -   I can't just walk to my scanner and press "scan." I just keep getting  an error message saying "set the PC to start scanning."  Finally figured out I have to control my scanner through my computer! It's a simple solution. I'm on a Mac, so I hit the magnifying glass "search" in the upper right corner, started searching for  "Canon," and since I'd loaded the software previously,   "Canon IJ Scan Utility"  auto-filled in the search bar, along with a list of applications below the search bar. I double-clicked on the application that said "Canon IJ Scan Utility2" and my scanner options appeared. I wanted to scan a document, so I hit "document." The message "searching for scanners"  appeared, and my Canon started scanning immediately. Of course, if "Canon IJ Scan Utility" doesn't auto-fill in your search bar, you may need to load the software driver. Good luck!  <comment217967> What app are you using to scan ? Did you try using the Image Capture app, already in your applications folder? <comment217973> did you install the IJ Scan Utility2 , My Image Garden and Quick Menu...http://www.usa.canon.com/app/pdf/wireless/Setup_MG5520_Mac.pdf <comment253462> I disagree. It's both a wireless printer and scanner. I was able to do both quite successfully, up until I upgraded to El Capitan. <comment284841> I disagree as well. Scanning over WiFi works if you use the Canon IJ Network Scanner Chooser and the Canon IJ Scan Utility 2, you can download both from the website. <comment313702> I have a pixma 5500 and can confirm this answer is simply wrong. I was able to scan over wi-fi just fine after installing the driver for months. Now, suddenly, I can't select my pc anymore. <comment332610> This answer worked for me.  Thanks!