Advice needed: best time machine setup for my scenario <body>    I'm getting a warning from AskDifferent: "The question you're asking   appears subjective and is likely to be closed". But please realize   this question is about TM best-practices and I'm looking for help   therein.   I'm quite sure any company looks at backup solutions as a protocol to follow rather than a matter of opinion.   I recently had a drive failure in my mid-11 imac. Thankfully it was a secondary internal drive, and not the SSD boot drive. I have replaced the secondary drive and used TM to replace it's important contents. What a breeze!  All this exercising made me realize I needed more storage so I purchased some more drives (including 8x capacity for TM). Then I used a recovery software to get other files off the failing HDD and onto a USB drive.  The old TM drive is 1TB so I didn't back everything up to it. The new TM drive is 8TB so I want to back up everything going forward.  I'm not sure how to set everything up. Any advice is appreciated!  ul liShould I use both drives as TM drives at the same time?/li liShould I disconnect the old TM drive and shelf it as an archive?/li liShould I copy all of the old TM data to the new TM drive, or start a new backup?/li liShould I...? You tell me - any other options I'm missing?/li /ul  These are my drives:  Boot drive ('Macintosh HD'): 256GB SSD, 137GB Used.  ul liOS (Sierra)/li liApps/li liMail/li li1 VM/li /ul  Secondary internal drive ('Storage'): 1TB HDD, 47GB Used.  ul liDocuments, all work files/li li3 VMs (those less used)/li liNo Media (photos, music, movies)/li /ul  USB Drive ('Media'): 5TB HDD, 613GB Used.  ul liGames/li liiDVD + iMovie (all projects, events, etc)/li liMovies (ripped DVDs, etc)/li liMusic (set as iTunes' library)/li liPhotos (set as system Photos library, + other libraries and misc folders/images)/li /ul  USB Drive ('Flux Capacitor 2012'): 1TB HDD, 846GB Used.  ul li'Macintosh HD', minus VM and some other non-important folders/li li'Storage', minus VMs and some other non-important folders/li /ul  USB Drive ('Time Machine 2016'): 8TB HDD, 0GB Used (it's new).  ul li'Macintosh HD', minus VM and some other non-important folders/li li'Storage', minus VMs and some other non-important folders/li li'Media', everything/li /ul  <answer256045> You can copy the backup from the old drive to the new drive. Do not attempt to backup to both drives at the same time.  Steps for moving the backup image are on Apple's support site:     In Disk Utility, select the new drive's icon to make sure it has a GUID partition and is formatted as Mac OS Extended (Journaled). You can check this from the "Format:" line at the bottom of the Disk Utility window. If your new backup drive is not formatted this way, reformat it, selecting the option for Mac OS Extended (Journaled) with a GUID partition. Back up any important data from your new drive before you format it.      Open a new Finder window.      In the sidebar of the Finder window, click the icon of the new backup drive.       Choose Get Info from the File menu.      Make sure "Ignore ownership on this volume" at the bottom of the "Sharing &amp; Permissions" section of the Get Info window is deselected (unchecked).      Temporarily turn Time Machine off.      Open a new Finder window. In the Finder sidebar, click the icon of the original backup drive.      Open a new Finder window. In the Finder sidebar, click the icon of the new backup drive.      Drag the folder "Backups.backupdb" from the original backup drive to the top level of the new backup drive.      Enter an administrator name and password, then click OK to start the copying process.       Copying your backup data might take some time to complete, depending on the size of your backup.      After the copy has finished, open Time Machine preferences from System Preferences.       Click Select Disk in the Time Machine preferences window.      Your Time Machine backups are now be saved on your new backup drive.   <comment319416> So that's one vote for "copy the entire backup to the new drive". FYI, you can back up to both drives at the same time. TM will alternate which drive it uses every hour. However the old TM drive isn't large enough for everything I now want to back up. <comment319427> The question is basically a matter of taste. Do you still need the old backups (if yes, keep the old drive)? Do you need them frequently (if yes, copy the old drive to the new)? do you want to have some redundancy (use both drives if both are big enough). So any answer depends on your personal preferences and, once you know where they are, you can answer the question yourself. <comment319692> TY @patrix. Questions like those guided me to my answer. It looks like the best thing to do is shelf the old TM drive as an archive. I started the new TM drive with a fresh/full backup of 800GB. It took almost 24hrs with Sophos running (it did catch quite a few issues!). If I ever need to back in history I can reconnect the old TM and browse it, even through the TM interface.