Why do settings disappear? Mail, usuallly <body> Long-time Mac user, curious why, from time to time, Mail settings just plain disappear.   I only discover this when Mail suddenly can't connect. Have to input passwords again.   And not the same password or place (several email accounts.) Could be the server p/w missing, or the POP3. One of life's little mysteries, has persisted since at least Lion.  The keychain entries are fine, the keychain and in fact whole system well-maintained. So where do they go? What erases them and why?   <answer268617> Here is the explanation from my provider's tech support:     We think you should turn off [automatically manage connection   settings]; there should never be any reason for it to use different   ones. You always want it to stick with the recommended port 587   (etc.), no matter what.      The trouble with that feature is that if your ISP connection stops   working for a second, and Apple Mail can't connect, it will think "oh,   the settings might be wrong, so let's try a different port". It tries   something else at random, and maybe it works, because your ISP   connection is working again. But Apple Mail wrongly assumes the port   setting was the trouble -- so it saves the new setting! And then   you're using something weird that only works on certain networks,   etc., when it would have been better to keep the original "works   everywhere" port number.      Apple Mail is the only program we know of that does anything like   this, and it's not a good idea, really; it's designed to help people   if their mail server company changes things, but can cause problems in   other cases. We've even seen cases where it randomly changes the   settings to something that can never possibly work on any servers,   although it's not supposed to.   As evidence for this explanation, when I turned it off and it revealed the port settings, they were different for each account (but all were wrong).  <comment110270> It will do that once per year ! <comment111011> Oops, should I confess to duping my own question?