Navigation menu not working in Chrome or Safari on Mac, but working in firefox <body> I've got a strange problem.   A common website layout has a menu across the top, allowing you to navigate the site. My problem is that in some cases this menu does not work in Chrome, and when it doesn't work in Chrome it doesn't work in Safari as well.  An example is the following site: www.google.com/a  When I go to this site with Chrome, I can click on any of the choices in the navigation menu (for example "Products"), but nothing happens. However, if I right click and choose "open in a new tab" I do get the page I want, but in a new tab.   I tested it on another Mac, and there the problem doesn't exist. It must be something with my setup.  The odd thing is that everything works fine and as expected in Firefox.   Chrome and Safari are both up to date. Running OS X 10.4.8. What is puzzling me is that both Chrome and Safari are showing this, but Firefox not. I know this is a problem with my Mac, and not the site, but don't know where to start. What would be causing this?  <comment118745> I tired your Google apps web site on my Firefox + Chrome and Safari, and when I click on Products it comes up with the website for that in all 3. Not sure what your problem is, so if you can provide more information. Note, I had all 3 open at the same time. I have to mention that Chrome is set as my default browser if that matters. <comment118796> FWIW, the site seems to work for me too, but when I go there with Firebug enabled, it keeps tripping up on illegal JSON strings – names not quoted, and string values quoted using single quotes instead of double quotes. This may be unrelated to your problems, but it does not bode well for code quality. <comment119166> I'm in the process of reinstalling MacOSX on a different MAC, so I can do a test on a fresh machine. I'll come back then. In the mean time I am fully aware that the problem must be my machine, and not the sites I visit. However I'm puzzled by the fact that both Chrome and Safari show the same symptoms. Is there something they share that I can look in to? <comment119994> I now know for certain it is my mac.