Are there any apps that copy files to another location whenever they change? <body> I've been trying to change my IDE from NetBeans to Sublime Text.  The most important thing that keeps me using NetBeans is the "Copy files from Sources Folder to another location" feature.  I can't find a plug-in for Sublime Text that can perform this task.  <answer119056> Your problem can be solved using 'Folder Actions'. You can create folder actions using AppleScript or Automator. If you do not know what 'Folder Actions are, you can read the Folder Actions Reference page on the Apple site to get you started.     strongFolder Actions Reference/strong      Folder Actions is a feature of OS X that lets you associate   AppleScript scripts with folders. A Folder Action script is executed   when the folder to which it is attached is opened or closed, moved or   resized, or has items added or removed. The script provides a handler   that matches the appropriate format for the action, as described in   this chapter.      Folder Actions make it easy to create hot folders that respond to   external actions to trigger a workflow. For example, you can use a   Folder Action script to initiate automated processing of any photo   dropped in a targeted folder. A well written Folder Action script   leaves the hot folder empty. This avoids repeated application of the   action to the same files, and allows Folder Actions to perform more   efficiently.      You can Control-click a folder to access some Folder Action features   with the contextual menu in the Finder. Or you can use the Folder   Actions Setup application, located in /Applications/AppleScript.   Note: you can create your own 'Folder Actions' using AppleScript Editor or Automator.  <comment138844> Note that Netbeans is not just an editor it does a build as well, which copies resources to the build directory so you need a build system as well e.g. gradle, ant and you set up copy tasks in that <comment154468> It is polite to mark an answer as accepted. Although it is not polite to ask for it ;) <comment154608> I was able to use `rsync`. Although, I'm not sure it answers this question.