Broken hard drive or operating system <body> My MacBook Pro froze today. When the system is restarted, it goes directly to the OS X Utilities window. None of the alternatives seem to work. I don't have a Time Machine backup, so there is no use running that program. When trying to reinstall OS X I get stuck, because I don't get access to the HD, only the Recovery HD. I also get an error message when running the Disk Utility repair program. Unfortunately, there are important files I haven't backed up? I have two questions?  ol liIs there any hope of restoring the computer with the files and programs intact?/li liIf not, is there a way to access the files and make backups before erasing the disk?/li /ol  <answer135830> Question 1. see this link for how to.  1- Try a Safe Boot (hold Shift during start up)- (it does do some level of repairs).  2- You can try repairing the disk, using the Disk Utility, start with cmd-r.  3- If that does not work you can try to repair the disk using the Command fsck- fy  To get there start in single user mode (cmd-s) and enter that command fsck -fy to find out if it can repair the disk.  Question 2-   you can use Target disk mode to recover files (you will need second Mac for that)  <answer135882> I had the same problem with my 2011 macbook pro. Booting in target disk mode wasn't an option for me so I took my mac to an apple service center. They replaced the HDD since it was broken and installed osx on the new drive. After that I put the original broken HDD in an external casing and I was able to recover all my data.  I would advise you to take it to a service center too or if you know what you are doing replace the HDD yourself and try recovering the data later.  <comment161059> Thanks for the suggestions. Unfortunately, my problem seems too serious for steps 1-3. My computer won't safe boot or enter single user mode. <comment161082> that is difficult to say up front, but hope you can use the target disk mode to recover files. <comment161115> I've now taken my Mac to the service center. Since this happened yesterday I've discovered that a lot of MacBook Pro users have had similar experiences and that the problem often is a faulty cable, not the HD itself. I'm hoping ... <comment161118> a new HDD isn't the end of the world, 99% of the time almost all of the data can be saved. It would be nice if a broken cable fell under some extended warranty.