Can Time Machine restore an erased drive? <body> I tried upgrading OS from El Capitan to Sierra, but Sierra did not work so I used Time Machine restore to revert back. I didn't erase hard drive, just hooked external hard drive to Mac and chose to restore using Time Machine backup.  But now I notice that Mac is bit slower when activating apps. When starting up, it takes maybe 30 - 60 seconds longer to get LibreOffice and Firefox running. Is that normal?  I've been trying to find out if I could erase the drive and restore system again from Time Machine backup.  According to this, one has to erase Sierra completely, but I have no way to clean install El Capitan from scratch. Only thing I have is Time Machine back-up. http://www.macworld.co.uk/how-to/ma...ierra-el-capitan-remove-macos-sierra-3581872/  My question is in 3 parts:  ol liIt doesn't really bother me by itself, but I got tiny worry that what if I weakened system, security or something like that by restoring El Capitan without erasing drive first? /li liWould it be possible to erase drive and then use Time Machine back-up to restore system WITHOUT installing OS first from another source? (I don't have El Capitan anywhere so if just Time Machine alone can't restore drive, then I'll ignore the tiny lagging)/li liShould I make Time Machine back-up now, would the tiny slowing of system carry on to any future restores (in case I do clean system restore)?/li /ol  <comment364678> Whenever reverting to an earlier OS, it's best to wipe and start fresh.  The problems you are having is most likely caused by not formatting first. <comment364711> @Allan Can I just wipe the drive and then restore directly from Time Machine back-up? Would it work like that? And if I make new Time Machine back-up now and use it, could it bring problems over? <comment364721> Did you do a "full backup" including system files or did you just back up your data (i.e. Documents, Desktop, User Settings, etc.?)  If the first, then yes, you can wipe and re-install.  If the latter, you need to create install media first, then wipe, install and then restore your data.