How to reinstall OS X on a wiped MacBook Pro mid 2010 <body> So I wiped the HD on my mid 2010 MacBook Pro, and trying to reinstall OSX via Recovery I get this error: the feature is not available at the moment and to try later.  I already had a chat with the support and they said that they can't give me any help, not even paid, because the MacBook is listed as vintage and to try the online recovery, I tried it to no avail.  Unfortunately I don't have any installation disks nor backup Apple products nor Time Machine backups, I only have access to this Windows PC I'm writing on at the moment.  I guess I could try to install the OS via USB but I can't find any legit way to obtain the installation files.  The system before the wipe was 10.9.4 Mavericks.  I really don't know what to do now, any help will be much appreciated.  <answer277561> That's a weird issue, your best bet is probably to download the "OS X Recovery Disk Assistant" to reinstall OS Lion.   From Apple's website:     "To create an external OS X Recovery, download the OS X Recovery Disk Assistant application. Insert an external drive, launch the OS X  Recovery Disk Assistant,  select the drive where you would like to install, and follow the on screen instructions.      When the OS X Recovery Disk Assistant completes, the new partition will not be visible in the Finder or Disk Utility. To access OS X Recovery, reboot the computer while holding the Option key. Select Recovery HD from the Startup Manager. "   strongNote:/strong In order to create an external OS X  Recovery using the OS X Recovery Assistant, your Mac must have an existing Recovery HD, which in your case it most likely already does.  <comment317232> Have you tried internet Recovery `CMD + OPTION (ALT) + R` <comment317246> If you can't get anything else to work, an Apple Store might be willing to install the OS for you. <comment317247> @dante already tried at chris unfortunatley the closest apple store is three hours of car travel away, and the warranty is long expired