Question about GPU Panic on Mid 2010 MacBookPro6,2 <body> I've read endless threads about this issue, but there is something I haven't found yet and I hope somebody could suggest something. For what I've read so far, a considerable amount of MBPs manufactured during 2010 has a latent problem in the hardware that crashes the system. This problem has emerged usually after upgrading the OS to Lion or latter versions.  bQuestion 1:/b  it's not yet clear to me what it is bugged. Is it the GPU (Nvidia GeForce 300M) or the logic board? I've heard that many people had the logic board changed. I suppose a 'logic board' is the 'mother board', right?  bQuestion 2:/b I'm the owner of a MBP manufactured in 2010, but I haven't upgraded the OS so far, so I'm happy with my Mac. But now I need to upgrade, and I'm afraid I could have a bad surprise. bIs there a way to detect if my laptop is affected by this hardware bug before upgrading the OS?/b Maybe a testing tool to examine the hardware under stressing GPU switching? If anybody can suggest ba proven test to run on Snow Leopard/b, I'll be grateful.  bQuestion 3/b: being that a hardware related issue, it's not possible to be fixed by software patches. Why has it been latent on many Snow Leopard OS powered machines, then?  Thanks for your help  <answer199000> i never had the problem with Snow Leopard, Lion or Mountain Lion. When I upgraded to Mavericks it started to crash the os..Kernel Panic after an hours use. I figured Mavericks was buggy and upgraded to Yosemite which caused the crash very rapidly and would crash even if there was no software installed (just the os installed)  There is a test you can do https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202731  My understanding is every unit will have this problem after getting taxed by the higher demands of the new operating systems. The fact that Apple charges for a repair which was caused by their operating system blows my mind.  <comment213358> I'm not sure about occurrence depending on OS. I can only answer Q1. Motherboard equals Logicboars equals mainboard. In the case of a MacBook (or most notebooks for that matter) the mainboard includes CPU and GPU meaning a mainboard swap means new Intel and NVidia chip