Time Machine Local Snapshots: How to reverse it overwriting files <body> Yesterday I created an Adobe Illustrator file that I saved to my desktop. I worked on the same file this morning until about an hour ago when Illustrator froze my computer. After a few minutes Illustrator crashed without my computer restarting, but despite having saved the file every 5 minutes or so, Illustrator still seemed to lose most of my changes from today. I figured I could at least get some of the changes back from Time Machine's last local snapshot, however, when I checked the only two saved time periods from today the file was in the same state as the current one on my desktop. I thought that maybe something happened to Time Machine during the freeze, so I restarted my computer... only to find that double clicking the Illustrator file on my desktop brought up an error saying em"The operation can't be completed because one or more required items cannot be found. (Error code - 43)"/em. I quickly opened Time Machine's local snapshot again and restored the file to my desktop once more, but this one wouldn't open either and it brought up the same error. I went back into Time Machine to retrieve the file once again only to find that it was gone from all the local snapshots, including today's and yesterday's. Furthermore when I returned to my desktop the file was now missing from there as well. I have no idea how Time Machine seemingly overwrote its own local snapshots from the last two days to not include this file, nor how this affected the file on my desktop, but is there any possible way to dig deeper into Time Machine's local snapshots and reverse how it overwrote itself? At the moment I somehow have no trace of this file ever existing on my computer.  <comment354760> Do you have a TM backup drive or do you use the local snapshots TM feature (which IMHO is not a real backup)? <comment354799> @klanomath I use both, but unfortunately my last backup was right before I created the file I lost here. I didn't realize the terminology difference until now so you're right, this is a local snapshot issue, not a backup issue.