Tried to dualboot Linux, ended up destroying Sierra partition <body> I had the bright idea to try to install Linux on my MBP this morning.   I was following a guide and created a new 100 GB partition in Disk Utility to install the Linux distro on. Fast forward and I'm going through the install process and I get to the disk partitioning section. I knew something didn't look right when it should the whole drive instead of the single partition I wanted but I was not as familiar with installing this distro of Linux as I should of been. I hit the continue button and I saw that it started repartitioning my whole SSD. So I pulled the USB out and shut down the Mac.   My SSD was encrypted through Disk Utility so I'm not sure what I'm even going to be able to do. I have spent all day reading articles and have bought 2 different recovery softwares that said they could recover partitions but so far no luck.   Most of my data is stored on Google Drive and the rest is backed up locally but I have a few folders on my desktop from a project I finished up earlier this week at work. I had not backed up that data yet.   I've pretty much come to the conclusion that I'm going to have to reinstall and start over so I've accepted that but I would really really like to be able to recover those folders if at all possible.   And to throw more gas on the fire I have an SD card in my MBP that I use to store some media on. Well that SD card was also encrypted through Disk Utility. Since my MBP is my only Mac I grabbed my old SSD and put it in my MBP so I wouldn't even mess with my main SSD and went through the recovery process which brought me back to 10.7. Well I hadn't used the older Disk Utility in so long and I wasn't paying attention and even though the encrypted SD card wasn't mounted I managed to format that thinking it was a USB drive.   I'm guessing since this SD card was encrypted also I'm pretty much SOL....  It's been a really really crappy day. If anyone has any input or suggestions I would really appreciate it.   Thanks!  <comment346253> You made a backup before trying to partition your drive and install an OS that is unfamiliar to you onto your computer, right? If not, then you're outta luck.