Single spacing pages versus word <body> Is there a way to get the spacing in Pages and Word (version 2016) to exactly match up? I have a single-spaced document in 12 pt Times New Roman, and it fits exactly two pages in Word. When I open the .docx file in Pages, the spacing is also set to Single, but the text runs over two pages.   Playing around with the various spacing settings (in Pages), I found that if I set the spacing to be Exactly 13.5 pt, things are pretty much the same. The document is two pages, although text wrapping around an image still differs.  I'm still choosing between the two productivity suites, and understanding the subtle differences between Word and Pages would be useful.  Some more observations:  ol liBeing able to set and forget single/double spacing is nice because there's some consistent spacing parameter across font sizes, whereas the pt value needs to be specified for various font sizes./li liIf I go from single to Exactly 13.5 spacing in Word, the lines bunch together ever so slightly compared to Single, but Single is also tighter than 14.0 pt. 13.8 pt seems to be the closest value to Single./li liLooks like getting consistency between the two programs will be tough./li liDo you think the difference is between the programs or that Times New Roman is not the same for the two programs?/li /ol  <comment259302> Welcome to Ask Different. I have tagged this OS X but if you want pages and word on iOS, please edit the post for tags and versions of the apps. <comment259305> It's not something I've looked at in many years, but Word always was the worst at layout - appalling kerning, leading, nothing like a true page layout program like Quark. From what I've seen in recent years it hasn't improved. It's not really a case of 'which is right' it becomes more one of 'what is your intended audience?'. Safest if no-one ever needs to edit it later is to save to PDF, then your layout is preserved. (Edit) btw, Word Windows & Word Mac look entirely different on the same document… just to add to the difficulty. <comment259308> Yes for that particular document, I needed to conform to formatting restrictions, included two pages and single-spacing, and I was able to fit more with Word. But it's apparent that single-spacing is defined imprecisely.