Decent laptop for iPhone development <body>    strongPossible Duplicate:/strongbr   What Mac to start       I have been asked from friends, and frieds of friends, for Apps running both on Android and the iPhone. Developing for Android was quite straightforward, having past experience with Java and XML. Furthermore, Android apps can be developed on Win, Mac, and Linux.  Now I have to begin developing for the iPhone. The main issue is that only XCode can produce iPhone apps. And XCode can only run on Mac OSX. And that I do not own an iMac or MacBook...  Despite the fact that I hate Apple for the high prices they put on their products, while probably they're nothing special except for the Apple Logo on the back, it's probably time for me to buy a MacBook.  I already tried an Hackintosh. But it was too buggy to work. And I tried a Virtual Machine too, but that was too slow.  So I need to get a good MacBook Air/Pro, only to have the possibility to develop iPhone apps. My budget is ~1000 €. Can you suggest a particular model/configuration. Or an eBay, Amazon, or who-knows-what link for an used one, which looks in good conditions?  Also if you know a way to develop App for the iPhone on a non-Apple device, please let me know.  Thanks in advance.  <comment76872> Welcome to the site - do read through the FAQ and try to keep one question per question as well. Most developer questions end up hosted on www.stackoverflow.com instead of here. Also, we don't like to ask questions for [beginner|developer|artist|doctor] since they mean different things to differnt people in different countries. If you can list specific requirements (run Xcode, run the simulator, have RAM to run windows in VMWare, etc...) or specific bechmarks you need to hit - the question is more likely to be of use to anyone and more worth keeping despite it being a "shopping question" <comment76874> oh well... I know stackoverflow is made for development questions, like "how do you do this in Obj-C". This is not the like. This looked to me a better place... <comment76875> Ask Different _is the place_ if we make it into __something new and objective__ rather than subjective. Like - no-one has asked the question "What display resolutions on the Mac are needed to support the iOS simulator for each of the hardware model lines?" or "Setting speed aside, has anyone run into a legitimate issue where they simply couldn't run Xcode on any Mac that runs Mountain Lion?" <comment76876> Sadly, we're all full of "macs are expensive and I'm a developer, help me buy a new mac (or think through the tradeoffs with the models available today).