Tried to resize bootcamp partition unsuccessfully and after a wipe I have strange diskutil data. How do I repair? <body> I was trying to change the size of my bootcamp partition. Here's what happened (mistakes were made):  Shrunk the size of Mac HD in disk utility from 370G to 300G, this created unformatted free space of 70G. In Paragon Hard Disk Manager, expanded the Bootcamp partition into the free space, expanded from 130G to 200G. Mac OS Sierra still working fine, Win7 shows in available disks from option-boot but boots to Windows Boot Loader screen that says can't find Win7. In Paragon Hard Disk Manager, repaired the partition boot record of Win7 partition. Windows now boots again fine. Should've stopped here. In Paragon HDM, I think I selected repair master boot record of the HD. This immediately changed all HFS+ partitions to one big free space, including EFI and Recovery partition. Can't be undone but I'm still running in OS X. I have a time machine backup from 2 days ago. Not too worried yet. Made TestDisk USB. Made Paragon Recovery Kit USB. Saved an image of the newly-resized non-working Windows partition to an external HD from Paragon HDM. Reboot. Back to Windows Boot Loader error screen. Option-reboot. Mac HD not showing in list, only Windows partition, which boots to error screen. Tried every partition-repair and boot record repair available on the USBs. Was able to undelete partitions and recover the Mac free space as one 300G HFS+ partition that I could boot into only on an option-boot, but lost the EFI and Recovery partitions. Hard Disk Manager shows a 209M free space at the beginning of the drive that is the lost EFI partition but when I try to recover the partition, it says there is not enough free space. Tried everything twice and the USBs again and probably make things worse. Hit breaking point and make Sierra USB. Wiped HD from disk utility and reinstalled Sierra, now I have working EFI &amp; Recovery partitions again. Used migration assistant to bring OS X back up to current with working EFI and Recovery partitions. That's where I'm at now. Diskutil list from recovery boot shows below.  Now then... What is going on with all the disks? Why is HD on a virtual disk? Is it possible to restore a working Windows 7 from my backup? If not, how do I install Win7 in Sierra now that bootcamp assistant doesn't support it? img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/VSjLB.jpg" alt="this" 