Personal Hotspot - Mac connects only if other Mac already Connected <body> I want to share mobile internet from iPad via "Personal Hotspot".  I have two Macs:  an old Macbook pro (2009) and not-so-old Macbook Air (2013 edition). I have made the following observations:  ul liMacbook Pro connects with iPad always in &lt;1sec /li liMacbook Air sometimes connects, but  ul liif Macbook Pro is already connected with Personal Hotspot, then MB Air always connects in &lt;1sec/li liit MBP is not connected, then wither MB Air  connects in approx 10-30 seconds, or it does not at all with "Cannot start Personal Hotspot" message/li liIf MBA is unable to connect, then connecting MBP and disconnecting it makes it possible for MBA to connect/li li"reset network settings" allows MBA to connect with personal hotspot (but often only once)./li lion Bluetooth/USB there are zero connection problems, all above is in wifi mode./li /ul/li /ul  Is there any way to troubleshoot this? Are details of "Personal Hotspot" connection logged anywhere in a way which makes is possible to debug?  EDIT:  I have found a way to connect.  First "connect by bluetooth". This starts the "Personal Hotspot" service on iPad, then ordinary wifi connection proceeds as it should.  Still this is a "workaround" not a real solution.  EDIT2: Having half a year to make more observations, I have observed the following: each time the iOS is updated everything works as it should for a few weeks. Then at some random point it stops. Zeroing "network settings" helps, but is inconvenient (I have to reconfigure APN and reupload VPN settings for OpenVPN app). And the "workaround" in the previous edit stopped to work after some time. In general what is missing is some sort of "log" where more details would be available, but I guess such a log would exist only on iPad?  <comment305089> Have you tried changing the position priority of your hotspot in System Preferences - Network-Advanced...-WiFi-Preferred Networks? <comment305103> Why would it help at all? This, if I understand correctly, changes the order in which wifi networks are attempted to be connected, and I am sure that "failed to connect to personal hotspot" message is not due to attempt to connect to some other network.