Are there any Macintosh-only news site left? <body> I want Mac news, OS X news, Mac application news, and Mac rumors.  Is there a site where I can get news about Mac hardware and software without general technology, iOS news and company and supply chain news not related to Mac hardware and software?  MacRumors used to fulfill this need, back in the day; but there is so little interesting news left on that site. I need to trim down my news consumption to what is important to me.  <answer117612> OSXDaily.com is the best by far...  <answer118012> You mentioned that MacRumors.com has expanded its coverage to the point where the articles you are interested in are too small a fraction of what they cover. What about just one portion of their site:  http://www.macrumors.com/mac/  (I know, one might think the name of the domain would make that redundant, but it really works).  In general, perhaps what you are looking for isn't a particular site, but a way to filter the coverage in a particular site to get what you are interested in and not anything else.  <answer118030> The unofficial apple website - Tuaw.com     Established December 5, 2004, The Unofficial Apple Weblog (TUAW) is a   resource for all things Apple and beyond. TUAW publishes news stories,   credible rumors and how-to's covering a variety of topics daily. As a   trusted tech blog, TUAW provides opinion and analysis on the news in   addition to the facts.      TUAW is a trusted source for news, information and analysis about   Apple and its products. Our readership is made up of new users,   intermediate and business users and advanced users. In addition, we   cover topics relevant to niches like developers, designers and others.   Cult of Mac     Cult of Mac is a daily news website that follows everything Apple. Our   goal is to provide timely news, insightful analysis, helpful how-tos   and honest reviews. The staff is an international team of Apple   experts, blogging around the clock, who have also written for Wired,   Scientific American, The Guardian, Playboy, Boing Boing, Popular   Mechanic, Mac|Life, The New York Times, Newsweek, Daily Telegraph, the   BBC, MacUser and Macworld.   <comment137394> I would discourage this sort of question as it's not really about using Apple products. What is your definition of OS X only? Even if there were a concrete definition of "news" and "OS X only" this sort of question generally runs afoul of the subjectiveness clause in http://apple.stackexchange.com/help/dont-ask <comment137405> Let's see if anyone has a good answer, but my guess is people will provide news sources that are iOS and general tech related and the answer will be **No - there are no sites that exclusively cover Mac news, OS X news, Mac application news, and Mac rumors.** <comment137406> Could you expand your answer? <comment137920> That helped a lot on the MacWorld feed. But there is still a ton of junk not mentioning the keyword Mac; in form of hardware nor OS.