Disabling one app's cellular data inadvertently disabling other apps? <body> I'm trying to get around a strange problem concerning an iOS app my company produces. We use a branding process to brand a single executable, assigning it new resources and a new bundle id, but keeping the same core executable across brands.  The problem is when a phone has multiple different brands installed, disabling one app for cellular connectivity is inadvertently disabling all of them, and I can't figure out why.  To reiterate, each app naturally has its own bundle id, so why would disabling cellular data for one app cause it to break for other brands?  <answer139729> I did some further investigation and experimentation, and from what I can tell, iOS is identifying the disabled app based on the app embinary/em in some fashion. That is, the actual embedded executable file inside the app bundle, instead of the bundle id as one would intuitively expect.  If I create two different builds, and brand them into several brands each, then disabling one of the branded apps disables cellular connectivity for all brands emin that group/em (i.e. that share the same underlying binary), but do not affect those brands built with a different binary. Furthermore, renaming the embedded binary file has no effect, so it's clearly basing it on the contents of the executable (perhaps a checksum or internal identifier).  As far as I can tell this is just a bug in the implementation of this feature on iOS, and I can't think of any way around this that doesn't involve completely changing how we are branding our apps. I've submitted a bug report to Apple.  <comment163201> What does your Cellular Data screen look like? Are the other apps still switched on? <comment163210> @0942v8653 Yes, it just takes one being switched off to affect them all, even though they all appear enabled on the Cellular screen. <comment163480> @chaiguy I'll look into this for you. I'll test out some different values in the `CellularUsage.db` database with apps from the same company and other things. Oh, and do you have any specific examples I could test with? <comment163492> @AndrewLarsson That would be awesome, I really appreciate it. I will see if I can whip up some demo apps that exhibit the problem! <comment291140> Future ref - this question is probably better asked at StackOverflow, as this site is for user questions not developer questions.