MacBook Pro (2011) bricked after firmware 1.7 update <body> I allowed AppStore to apply the newest firmware update to my MacBook Pro, which seemed to work fine, until the final restart. At this point, the machine just shut down. I waited for quite a while, assuming it was doing something (despite no power LED) before trying to switch it on using the power button.  The machine now won't start. If I press the button, the screen does absolutely nothing, and the power led briefly turns on, and dims after about 5 secs. At the same time, my DVD drive attempts to power up, and continues trying to read for a rew seconds before dying as well.  I've tried the following:  ul liTesting the mains charger, it was OK/li liTrying to start the machine with/without charger/li liTried to reset the SMC, but nothing seemed to happen other than the same above/li liBurned DVD of firmware update for 1.7/1.6 and inserted into DVD. DVD took disc for 1.7, then won't give it back (and nothing else happened)/li /ul  Suggestions welcome, and my thanks in advance.  <answer85097> I had to perform the SMC reset twice after this exact thing happened just now. After the second reset, it booted and finished the firmware update.   <comment97873> Make an appointment with an Apple Genius at your local Apple Store. Yes, I know it's out of warranty, but bring it in anyway. They'll either help you restore it or quote you a repair price if there is hardware damage. <comment97938> Thanks cksum, was hoping to avoid this, only because I also replaced the hard drive and memory. Although this is looking increasingly like my only option <comment97986> It may be that one of your parts failed. If you still have the original RAM, try booting with it. If you can swap out the HDD and replace it with another one (the original), try that too. If that fails, then I'm afraid a trip is in order. Things like this are just really hard to diagnose and solve over the Internet I'm afraid. <comment98389> Whilst this isn't exactly what I needed (I performed the reset more than twice), it's the closest to the solution. I was resetting the machine for the nth time, and the rubber foot dropped off, at the same time the machine came to life. I have no idea if these two things are related (I assume/hope dearly that they are not) but the machine has come back to life, and seems fine.