hotkey to switch application <body> I am running os 10.8.4 and would like to switch between full screen applications that are already open using hotkeys. I can only use cmd + 1 to move to space 1, but cmd + 2 does not work if you have windows maximized. This is a know limitation. Is there a third party app that I can get that can do this? (I have tried witch, alfred &amp; QS). I am not looking for shortcuts to open a new app - I want to switch between apps that are already open.  I have chrome, iterm2 &amp; remote desktop that I use all the time. I'd like assign a hotkey to each of these 3 apps, and would like to switch to any of them with a hot key.  I was able to do this in 10.6, and this is the one single feature that they got rid of on 10.8.  <answer100021> TotalSpaces, running on 10.8.4, allows me to switch between full screen apps using the three-finger swipe on the trackpad, and allows me to assign specific apps to their own desktops. I haven't found a better app for my workflow, which allows me to switch between 7-8 specific desktops every session.  <comment117695> Hi Dave, I installed totalspaces. I have two four desktops and 2 full screen apps. I can switch to windows using hotkeys, but not to the fullscreen apps. Can you confirm this behaviour? <comment117696> @Trewq, that depends on how you configure it. I actually use the trackpad to change quickly from desktop to full screen apps and vice versa. All of my full-screen desktops are on the right side, and my regular desktops are on the left. If I need to go quickly from one to six, for example, I swipe up with three fingers and click the desktop from the selection that appears along the top of the screen. It makes it simple to toggle from desktop to desktop. <comment117697> Also, by default, you can use SHIFT-CTRL-SPACE to go to a primary screen where all of your desktops will appear on the screen in the center, and the fullscreen apps will be along the bottom. With all of the desktops I use, this app simplifies things for me greatly. <comment117698> To your point though, if you're trying to assign Hotkeys to spaces in the Layout view, it does appear that you can only do so with non-full screen desktops.