Missing Codec or Unvailable in Adobe Premiere Pro <body> I am using Adobe Premiere Pro editing system on my iMac. When I try import an AVI file to I get the following message : "Codec Missing or Unavailable" I have read on-line that I need to find out what Codec the AVI has in it.   I downloaded a program called "VLC". This allows me to play the AVI files just fine. When I click on the "MEDIA INFORMATION" for any given clip/avi file being viewed in the VLC program, I am given the following information : Video Codec - DV Video and Audio Codec - PCM S16 LE (araw).   Okay now I know what the Codecs are the clips I want to play in my Adobe Premiere Pro Editing Program. This still does not help me at all. I have no idea what to do at all. One gentleman answering this question said to download "AVID CODEX PACK" to install it on my iMac - library-Quicktime)  I do not have or use "AVID" as an editing program... I am using Adobe Premiere Pro to do video editing. If I download "AVID CODEX PACK" will this interfere with the APP editing system? Will this Avid Codex Pack carry all the codecs I need?   I am trying to import AVI files to play on my timeline on ADOBE Premiere Pro and a window pops up saying "Missing Codec or Unvailable". I try to play using Quicktime and I get the same thing.   Does anyone know what I should do at this point?  Thanks ROBERT  <comment322555> Just downloaded "AVID CODEX PACK" and installed the Codecs pack. This did nothing to make AVI files play in Adobe Premiere Pro or FINAL CUT PRO. <comment322563> The PCM S16 LE (araw) Codec is an audio-only codec. I'd suggest trying to find a converter (like suggested in this post: http://superuser.com/questions/211742/convert-wav-file-to-mp3) to convert the file into an audio-only file with a codec that your programs can read (like mpeg) <comment322578> HI.... I am trying to bring the AVI file into Adobe Premiere Pro and have it recognized as a working AVI file and the be able to hit play and watch the clip or edit it as I like. The problem is the pacticuliar codec -  DV Video is not playing in my Adobe Premier Pro Editing System and so I need to find out how to find this type of codec and install in my computer and make it work with Adobe Premiere Pro Editing System. <comment322579> my suggestion is to use a converter to change the codec to something that Premiere Pro can read. That's what that link above was about