Fix ipad 3 static noise with Mono Audio Left speaker? <body> My iPad 3 has started making static/cracks/distorted noise whenever I play sound apps like Music or Youtube. I tried deleting the suspected apps, closing active apps, restarting, doing a hard reset, resetting all settings, and even vacuuming the 30pin port and speaker outlet. Nothing worked. However, I did find this in settings:   In Accessibility settings, I turned on Mono Audio and slid the speaker to the Right instead of neutral. Suddenly all static noise disappears. If I slide the speaker towards left, the static noise increases to deafening max as the slider move towards the end.   What does this mean? Is my left speaker shot? Is this software or hardware related? Any tips to protect the last right speaker before its shot too? Does turning the volume to 100% really bust the speaker?   I'm using iOS 9.3.5.   <answer275335> This is a hardware problem, either with the left speaker directly or with the connection to it.   It's anyone's guess as to how this may have happened, but it's obviously an older iPad and may have seen more than its fair share of bumps, drops, exposure to foreign substances, etc. While that is the most likely cause, it could also be due to any number of factors. No-one here is going to be able to give you a definitive answer.  However, in terms of what you can do to minimise the possibility of the same thing happening to the right speaker, all anyone could suggest is making sure it is treated carefully. You could purchase a highly protective case, but only you can decide whether the expense is worth it.   Regarding the volume, this should not cause a problem for the speaker (at least not while using standard Apple apps). I am not aware of any third party apps that modify the input/output levels, but I suppose it could be a risk if these levels were changed from what they should be.  Finally, you should still be able to use the iPad with external speakers and/or headphones (Bluetooth and/or cabled).  <comment346449> Thanks Monomeeth! Actually it has just been few months of use. Prior to that it was sleeping for 4 years in our camera box until the recent discovery. Mainly for morning music and weekends movies. Its a pity the speaker static is now getting worse on the right side too. Its odd though, no static at all when I try on with earphones. Does that still confirm its hardware failure? Can factory reset help at all? <comment346451> Thanks for the grammar check, Jackson1442 and IconDaemon. It was my first post here so I didn't pay attention to the culture. I will definitely write in full from now on.