OS X forgets passwords, Safari extensions etc. and fills harddrive <body> I have several problems with OS X 10.11 El Capitan running on a late-2010 MacBook Air (which isn’t supported by Sierra) with a single user account – I’m not sure they’re related, but they sure are annoying:  ul listrongSafari/strong frequently – but not accroding to an obvious pattern – forgets currently installed extensions and reverts to some previous state that I don’t remember (without any ad blocker). Cookies and passwords seem to be unaffected most of the time, but I haven’t checked thoroughly. The computer, especially when using Safari, emused/em to freeze to beachball frequently for seconds to minutes since updating to 10.10, but this has almost stopped lately (unless I’m using multiple JS-heavy sites like Google Drive)./li listrongMail/strong almost always forgets IMAP and Exchange passwords upon reboot, but Gmail, iCloud, Facebook and Twitter accounts continue to work. Passwords need to be reset in System Settings  Accounts for retrieving mails, but also in Mail  Accounts  Settings  Accounts  Server for Outgoing Mail  Edit List of SMTP Servers  Advanced for sending mails./li listrongFinder/strong reports an almost full or even completely full main harddisk after some hours of use (and possibly sleep-wake cycles). After rebooting, about 2.5 GB of 64 GB are reported as free. It feels like it emshould/em be more as I’m not storing much beyond OS and apps on the device. (Large amounts of data, like the Photos database, reside on a USB drive.)/li listrongApp Store/strong cannot install some GB-sized updates because of limited available space. I suspect it to be the app that stores temporary data until the disk is completely filled up, but I’m not sure about that at all. I also suspected strongDropbox/strong once, but the space occupation also happens if it’s not running/synching./li /ul  I’m not using strongTime Machine/strong currently, but did before.  I would consider a clean swipe, but am afraid of some data loss, worry about the work and time required and am not sure it would help at all. I’d rather strongfind the reason for the odd behavior and fix it/strong. How should I approach this? 