Device is picking up the wrong IP Address from DHCP <body> I have an iPhone 6. It is the only device in the entire house that picks up the wrong IP address. Other iPhones, non-Apple devices, laptops, desktops, etc. are fine. But my phone is always assigned a link-local IP-address (169.254/16) instead of a private IP-address (192.168/16).  Due to this, it won't even connect to the Internet and I have to type everything manually in emStatic/em. I don't want to do this. It was fine till a few days ago. I don't understand the computer terms and would want it to be in layman terms.  Also, we have only one router at home. Everything works well (except my iPhone). Can I understand why this is happening and what can I do to make it right?  emPS: The phone is fine. Hardware is fine. I tried the network reset. I tried the software reset too (using iTunes)./em  <answer282855> Perhaps something changed a few days ago that's affecting your iPhone's network settings (e.g. a carrier update, software update, etc).  One thing you can try is resetting your iPhone's Network settings. You do this by:  ol liNavigate to Settings/li liTap on General/li liSwipe up and tap on Reset at the bottom of the screen/li liTap on Reset network settings/li /ol  Keep in mind once you've reset your Network settings you will need to reenter any WiFi passwords again you normally connect to.  Let me know how you go.  <answer282908> First let's clear up some nomenclature inaccuracies...  Your iPhone didn't "pick up" a link-local address from the DHCP server.  It emassigned itself/em a private IP based on Automatic Private IP Addressing (APIPA).  There's a huge distinction here and is relevant to the problem you are having:  ul liDHCP hands out IP addresses based on a configured pool of addresses./li liAPIPA self assigns an address when, for whatever reason, it doesn't get one from DHCP/li /ul  br So, armed with this knowledge, we know one of two things happened:  ul liYour DHCP server didn't respond or ignored/denied the request for an address/li liYour iPhone didn't request or it rejected/ignored the DHCP offer./li /ul  h3DHCP server/h3  It's entirely possible that the issue is with the DHCP server on your router. It may have been configured for a small amount of leases and at some point you hit the limit (your previous lease was given to another client).  You may have also "blocked" your client (iPhone from the DHCP pool).  Given that your iPhone is the only device not connecting, it would be beneficial to look at the router's DHCP config to see if you have any limitations or restrictions in place.  Restarting it wouldn't hurt, either.  h3Your iPhone/h3  It's also entirely possible that an update or a configuration change has "hosed up" your networking configuration.  Usually, forgetting the wireless network and re-connecting will solve the issue.    However, one of the best ways to narrow down the possibilities is to connect it to stronganother/strong network.  Take it to your favorite coffee shop, a friends house, or anywhere that has a WiFi network that you can attach to easily.  If you can connect there, then you know the problem is with your home setup.  If it fails on other networks, you most likely have a hardware issue which means it's time to take it in for service.  <comment356479> I have done it already done it. It didn't work. <comment356481> For future reference it's good to include in your question what you've already tried. Have you also tried a full reboot of the iPhone? And what about a reboot of the router? Also, can you think of anything else that happened a few days ago to coincide with this change, either on the phone, router or the network in general (e.g. a new device added to the network, a VPN setup, etc)? Finally, what is the exact model of the router being used? <comment356482> Yes, I did. And no, nothing happened. This defect developed suddenly since yesterday. <comment356489> The reality is that it's most likely an issue with your router (that doesn't necessarily mean a fault). You will need to investigate things at that end since you've already done the most obvious things on the iPhone. I may be able to help, but since you've said _I don't understand computer terms and would want it to be in layman terms_, it's going to be easier if you can give me the exact model of your router.