Migration assistant from Windows hangs while searching for documents <body> I am trying to transfer data from a Windows Vista computer to a brand new MacBook Pro.  I installed and started the Migration Assistant on the Windows Computer, Start Migration Assistant on the Mac*, and did succeed in making a connection between the two.  Then the windows computer displays the message     Migration Assistant is finding items to migrate.    You will be able to choose the items you want to transfer to your Mac.      Searching emusername/em's Documents...   Then the typical Windows infinite progress bar appears, and after around 30 minutes nothing more had happened, at which point we gave up (the Migration Assistant on the Mac did not allow you to perform other tasks while waiting for this to complete)  So I didn't actually get to the point where I started moving any data.  How long does this step typically take?  What can prevent this step from completing, and how can this be remedied?  *I did not migrate data during the initial setup of the Mac, but at a later point started the Migration Assistant app  <comment280746> Are the user names the same on the Windows machine & Mac? That can be the source of a failure to migrate. As I also found out when migrating an old XP machine to Mac last year - it's far better to have done the migrate in the first place, it saves a whole lot of juggling later. <comment280749> I believe (I'm not at that machine at the moment) that the use names are the same, except the casing. Whey you say, "That can be the source of a failure", do you mean that the should be, or should not be the same? Any idea why this should be a problem? <comment280751> both machines consider Fred & fred to be equivalent. The Mac will not import to an existing account, it wants to make a new one. If both would have the same name, that's where it will struggle & you will later have to manually merge what data you can [not a simple task], hence my belated advice to have done it at the outset. Your only other option is to change the account name on the PC & see if you can get it to work that way. It's that or wipe the Mac & start over, migrating when asked. [I'm not posting this as an answer, in case someone does have a smarter workaround.] <comment280758> Ok, I was mislead because during the initial setup process, it says, that I can always run the migration assistant at a later point in time. <comment280759> Yes, I got caught out with that one too :(