Spilled water on Macbook Pro 13 inch, early 2015 <body> I've spilled 5-10 mL of liquid on my Macbook Pro (13 inch, early 2015)  some hours ago. I purchased this laptop a few months ago. It has 16 GB of RAM and 512 GB storage, though this is probably irrelevant. The liquid came in contact with the trackpad (including the edges of it). I did not turn it off. Rather, I ran the Apple Diagnostics Test and it came out fine. Several hours later, I ran the diagnostics test again and it was fine. The laptop, including the trackpad, is functioning normally at this moment.     What is the likelihood that the laptop, particularly the trackpad, will develop problems in the future?    Also,      Is it worth the time to go to an Apple Store and get this checked out?    Normally, I wouldn't even ask; I'd take it to the Apple Store just in case. However, I am very busy this weekend and a visit to the Apple Store will take a good 2 hours of my time, at the very least. Resassurance from experts on this site will give me peace of mind.   Moreover, I would also appreciate a comment from people who know a thing or two about the hardware of this laptop model regarding how 'water protected' the trackpad structure is. I am, again, mainly worried about liquid having leaked through its edges.  <answer254371> You won't know anything until you take it apart, that is the sad truth. In the mean time, keeping it angled with the vent up and the trackpad down will hopefully make any liquid that got in stay away from the motherboard until is evaporates. If any corrosion is happening, you may not notice until an electrical connection is actually disrupted by it.   <answer254375> OK, having wrecked a couple of Macbooks myself because someone spilled liquid into them, I'll tell you what to expect:  First, power it off and remove the battery if you can (but I don't think you can with your model) and prop it up so any liquid can run out. Give it about a day for the liquid to dry.  Or better yet, get it to a repair shop if you can. They'll know how to take it apart and dry it out. Note that it's important to emremove/em the liquid and not dry it in place. A hot-air hair dryer would not help; you could just as well air-dry it yourself. Jets of compressed air that actually blow the water out of the machine would be better.  Otherwise if you have a teeny-tiny phillips-head screwdriver, and the guts to do it, dismantle it yourself and pat everything dry that you can reach. Keep emvery/em good track of which screw came from where.  h2The bad news:/h2  After the liquid dries, the residue remains on the circuit boards. It will almost certainly contain sugars or other corrosive chemicals. These will slowly eat away at the circuitry. So you emthink/em you dodged a bullet with the spilled drink, but in about three years you will start to experience unexplained flakiness. I spent about $400 replacing parts in mine before I remembered the mocha someone spilled in it three years prior and realized that I would certainly have to replace the motherboard itself.  h2The good news:/h2  In your case it was just water, and just a little bit, and not on the motherboard. There's a good chance that you emdid/em dodge a bullet. And in any event, you have probably another three years to start saving your pennies for a replacement.  <comment316658> If this had happened to me, the very first thing I would have done is **turn off the notebook and disconnect the charger!** Then turn it upside down, still open, not in closed clamshell mode, with an air gap between the keyboard and surface upon which it was going to rest on. I'd leave it like that for an appropriate amount of time to allow gravity to drain any fluid away from the notebook and evaporate it. In lieu of enough time to ensure total evaporation of the liquid if necessary I'd open the notebook and use a hairdryer set on no heat and just use circulating air to speed up evaporation. <comment316659> I would not power up again until I was sure all liquid has been evaporated! If the liquid was anything but water I'd also consider proper cleaning and drying before powering up again. Also note that if opening the case the first thing I'd do is disconnect the battery. <comment316669> This is precisely correct. Water externally isn't a problem. The nature of small gaps and capillary action is that water wicks to the inside where it cannot dry rapidly or safely.  This then transports salts and contaminants to where it will corrode and damage connectors. It matters precisely how much water went inside and where exactly it landed / stopped. <comment316677> You can take it to Apple, regardless of what you've done to it. do not turn it on, leave it and take it to the people that know it best, please do not go to a shoddy third party.. please! they have moister sensors in them, I have split water over my MBA, 2011, and it still works, twice. Not on purpose, due to issues in my hand. <comment316678> I gently used a warm hairdryer when I split water on my MBA, if it was shutdown ASAP, it should hopefully be fine, but TBH, it needs to go to an apple store..