Any suggestions for a password manager app? <body> I currently have MiniKeePass on my iPhone and although it does the basic job of storing passwords, I don't have the ability to create random passwords from the app itself and sync the changes to Dropbox.   I'm looking for a subscription-free iOS app that had a clean, modern and beautifully designed UI.   Any suggestions?  <answer142994> I use 1Password which is available for OSX, iOS, Windows and Android and offers both requirements you've listed (random passwords and Dropbox syncing).  <answer143005> Use KeePass. Does the job for me.     KeePass is a free open source password manager, which helps you to manage your passwords in a secure way. You can put all your passwords in one database, which is locked with one master key or a key file. So you only have to remember one single master password or select the key file to unlock the whole database. The databases are encrypted using the best and most secure encryption algorithms currently known (AES and Twofish).   <answer143015> OS X and iOS come with Keychain built-in. The passwords are automatically synced between your Mac and iOS device. You can access the passwords on both.   I've used a number of the password managers mentioned in the comments, even the insanely overpriced 1Password, and, though some may have slightly slicker UIs than Keychain, nothing compares on iOS with Keychain's auto-fill. The closest match on iOS would be iCab browser's password fill and services option, but to get full functionality you'd have to also be using iCab browser on OS X and the desktop version simply isn't up to snuff.   <answer143047> KeePass is a free, open source, and cross platform password manager, which has the benefit that your password file can be used on multiple devices (Linux, Windows, OSX, iOS and Android). I usually use DropBox to sync the password database between my devices.  Unfortunately the official binary on OSX required an X Server, which made it awkward to use compared to it's competitors.  Fortunately there is MacPass, which is a native port of KeePass for OSX. While it's not as well known as 1Password, it is however free and open source, meaning that you can (potentially) check it's source code, if you don't believe it's secure enough, or contains hidden backdoors.   Also since it's a KeePass port, it can open and edit your MiniKeePass files as well.  <answer143048> h2Locko by BinaryNights/h2  ul liMac app is on sale for $0.99/li liiOS app is expected to be released soon/li liClean, OS X Yosemite influenced design/li liDropbox sync/li /ul  Description from the Mac App Store:     Locko is a beautiful and easy-to-use password manager and file vault. You can store confidential information such as web logins, credit card data, computer accounts, software licenses, private pictures and documents, and much more. Locko supports iCloud and Dropbox so you can keep your data synchronized across multiple computers while maintaining absolute security.      • Secure AES-256 encryptionbr   • Configurable password generatorbr   • Web Logins, Credit Cards, Bank Accounts, Software Licenses, and so much more…br   • File vaultbr   • Photo albumbr   • Secure Notesbr   • Custom fields (text, password, date, secure text)br   • Search in all fieldsbr   • Unlimited item groupsbr   • Browser extensions for Safari, Chrome, Firefox, and Operabr   • 1 click login for websitesbr   • QuickLook encrypted documentsbr   • iCloud and Dropbox synchronisationbr   • Import from 1Passwordbr   • Export database in JSON format     <comment168442> It seems pretty good but the OS X app is $35 these days (after a temporary discount). And the iOS app is $10. Is it worth the $45? (As opposed to KeePassX/MiniKeePass which are free) <comment168443> For me it is, yes :-) <comment168448> Welcome to Ask Different! We're looking for long answers that provide some explanation and context. Don't just give a one-line answer; explain why your answer is right, ideally with citations. Answers that don't include explanations may be removed. <comment168452> @tanmayk it worths that much. <comment168494> Wouldn't trust Agile Bits products with my data. That cost me before (see e.g. Knox 1.5.3 release notes for an issue I reported). That same bug had a variant resulting in data (password to encrypted container removed from keychains) loss, not sure where that went. <comment168497> Are you sure you're using a current version of MiniKeePass? I can both generate passwords and save the database back to Dropbox on my iPhone. The wrench icon next to the password field when making a new entry brings up the generator and the share button at the bottom of the database screen lets you send it to DropBox. It won't sync it automatically, you actually have to hit that button, but you only need to do it when you change the database. <comment168498> Wow I actually didn't know that. Yeah I'm running the latest version. I guess that solves all my concerns with MiniKeePass. I never noticed the share button down at the bottom of the screen (mainly because I wasn't expecting it there since you won't normally 'share' the stuff in the app). Thanks for your input! <comment168500> I liked the idea of Keychain and the ecosystem-wide and iCloud integration... but since I use Chrome on iPhone and OS X, I couldn't get the password auto-fill to work outside of Safari on iPhone and Mac. That was kind of deal breaker for me. <comment168501> It's indeed beautiful but I don't recommend trusting proprietary software for sensitive stuff such as passwords. <comment168547> Works great, but (unlike you) I can't believe they don't have non-proprietary syncing. I want it to sync via WebDAV. <comment168549> No software is without bugs, but maybe it's better if you continue the discussion about proprietary and non-proprietary formats and the relevance of bugs fixed seven years ago in our chat room :-) <comment168772> It's actually pretty nice! <comment172543> 1Password is free at AppStore at the moment with the release of iOS 8.