automatic save before "Run in Terminal" in BBEdit <body> I am a new BBEdit user, with a long experience as TextWrangler user. In TextWrangler, I am used at running python scripts with the command "Run in Terminal", and in TextWrangler the default behaviour is to save the file before sending it to the terminal.  I noticed that in BBEdit, v11.1.2, if I give the "Run in Terminal" command for an unsaved file, the "autosave" option is not there, so I end up sending the "temporary file" for execution, which is in a temporary folder, and things "go wrong" (the script is in the wrong directory, and I need to access relative folders paths).  I looked in the preferences, but I didn't find yet where to set as default to save before running the file.  I have also searched with google, but to no avail.  Is it a "hidden" preference, to be given in the command line?  <answer206758> Contact Barebones, the developer's of BBEdit, about recreating this Text Wrangler behaviour in BBEdit.  Barebone's support is at support@barebones.com   They will be able to help.  h2BBEdit 11 Release Notes/h2  The BBEdit 11 release notes mention the following:     The strong#!/strong menu has been rearranged, and some behaviors for running #! scripts have been changed, as follows:      ul   li"Run…" has been changed to "Run with Options…". This brings up a dialog which lets you control what is done with the script output. The options to "Run in Debugger" and strong"Run in Terminal" have been removed/strong, since you can do that explicitly from the #! menu itself (and scripts run that way don't get their output back into the application anyway)./li   /ul   <answer214615> I have received the answer from BB's support:     though there is no longer a GUI option in BBEdit to control this behavior, you can make BBEdit always save a script before running it by issuing the following Terminal command (which you can copy &amp; paste):   precodedefaults write com.barebones.bbedit RunScriptPrefs_SaveBeforeRunning -bool YES /code/pre  I have also tested it, and it works!  <comment249772> Thank you @Graham Miln. Yes, I have sent a message to their support staff, and as soon as I receive a reply I will summarize it here. About their release note, even "Run with Options…" doesn't address my "problem": as it is now, if I just hit command-S to "Save", before the command-R I have associated to "Run in Terminal", everything works fine.  My goal is to save a keystroke, and have the "Save" automatically added before the "Run" command.