Consolidating multiple sheets into one Numbers 3.6.1 OS X <body> I'm looking for a solution to automatically merge/consolidate the data from multiple sheets into one.   I would like to stack the sheets on top of each other in it's own sheet. I would like to be able to add a row to sheet 1 and it automatically places it before the start of sheet 2.  I know this is possible in excel, searching for the solution is difficult as i do not know what the correct terminology is for what i'm trying to achieve.  strongEDIT/strong  For a more detailed explanation as the above is quite vague. What i'm trying to achieve is a database for food products split into three categories:- Frozen, Ambient and Chilled.   Each category is on a separate sheet and in the category it has the columns:- Product, Product Code, Pack Size, Price  My goal is to have two more sheets that pull in all the products from the frozen, chilled and ambient sheets. in addition to the data from the other sheets i will have one for stock counting using columns:- Product, Pack Size followed by QTY QTY QTY used for counts  Then another sheet for stock ordering, something like Product, Product Code, Pack Size, Price followed by Tues, Thurs, Sat to mark how much of each product to order.  Each sheet will reference the data in the three categories in a way that if i add or remove lines from each category the two sheets are automatically updated.  I tried to use a basic formula to reference the data from the category sheets which i had to copy in to each cell. but it doesn't automatically add or remove lines when i alter them in one of the categories, i then have to alter the stock sheet and count sheet individually to account for the change in rows.  P.S i have no reference to doing it in excel because i have never used spreadsheets for more than basic maths functions.  Many Thanks Mike  <comment272657> Welcome to Ask Different.  What worked in Excel?  Are you trying to create a Pivot Table?  Sorry, but what you are asking is very unclear. <comment272951> I have edited the post to explain further, thanks