USB disk doesn't show up in macOS Sierra, but it does in Recovery Mode <body> I've got a 2TB Toshiba USB drive which I have been using for my Time Machine backups. Since a few days this disk no longer shows up when I connect it. Already tried completely shutting everything down and rebooting, no difference.  ul liWhen running Disk Utility, it's not there. /li liWhen running codediskutil list/code, it's not there./li liI can't mount it (there's no volume or anything to mount)./li liI tried both USB ports, with the same cable I always use (it has always worked fine on both USB ports before). /li liWhen looking in System Information, either in the Store or USB section, it's not there./li liI have reset the NVRAM (previously PRAM) as well as the SMC./li liI checked if codefsck/code might be running while it's seemingly busy, but that's not the case. I also checked if VirtualBox was trying to filter the USB drive, also not the case (actually, VirtualBox is not running at all).br(I found these two suggestions in a similar question)/li liIt's not an NTFS drive./li /ul  However, when I reboot into Recovery Mode and look in the Disk Utility there, it emdoes/em show up!  Also, when I connect the USB drive in OS X, it starts buzzing and spinning i.e. making the usual sounds as if it's working normally. Goes on like that for about half a minute and then stops.   Any advice? I'm convinced that 'something' was changed to my system configuration that's causing the drive not to show up, but I can't seem to find out what.  Would it be wise or safe to start in Recovery Mode again, and do a First Aid / Disk Repair from there? (I would emreally/em prefer if the data on this drive doesn't get messed up)  <comment337830> I had a similar problem with an external USB 3.0 hard drive and my new MacBook Pro. Under regular operation it wasn't visible at all but in recovery mode it was. I figured the drive had gotten corrupted, perhaps from being disconnected from the computer at an inopportune time. It was under warranty, so I erased it and returned it to the shop. Life is too short for flakey drives. <comment338091> @MichaelStern Fully agree, but if there's a way to get some data off this drive before replacing it, it would save me quite some hassle. I'm especially wondering because the drive *does* show up normally in Disk Utility when booting in Recovery Mode (with ⌘+R). This really makes me doubt if the disk is flakey, or if something is messed up in my macOS.