iOS and Objective-C Training in Melbourne <body> I'm sure this is not the correct forum for this but figured it was pretty close.  Does anyone know of any courses in Melbourne Australia for iOS development?  I've been developing in the MS arena my whole life and am looking at getting into Objective-C with regards to mobile devices but cannot seem to find any courses.  Any help would be greatly appreciated thank you.  <answer19038> Check out an iOS/iPhone Developer Training (Melbourne/Sydney) by jTribe  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/N4SmZ.png" alt="enter image description here"  Schedule:     strongDAY ONE:/strong Introduction to iPhone Development and the Objective-C   Language On day one we start with Objective-C and will cover   everything needed to start building iPhone applications. We will  dive   straight into the core Objective-C syntax and constructs, use of Xcode   as a development tool, the Foundation  framework, how to build your   own Objective-C classes, properties and methods, a thorough   explanation of memory  management issues on the iPhone and will use   Xcode and GDB to debug an iPhone app. br/   strongDAY TWO:/strong Building a basic iPhone   application, using Interface Builder, Views, View Controllers &amp; Table   Views Day two starts with the build of a complete iPhone app. We then   look in depth into views, the iPhone view hierarchy,  the concept of   delegates, Interface Builder and view controllers. We look in more   detail into table views, navigation  and navigation controllers and   learn techniques to ensure that our app can scale in the real world.   br/strongDAY THREE:/strong Application Navigation, Animation and Multi Touch,   Deployment, Provisioning Profiles and the App  Store. On day three we   look at image handling, resources and how to create those beautiful   custom table cells. We  then go on to interacting with web services   and building our very own Twitter client before we take a deeper look   at  the development and deployment process, iTunes connect, the App   Store and marketing  