Macbook runs very hot in Bootcamp <body> I have an older Macbook Pro (MacBookPro 5,1 - Late 2008) that still runs like a champ under OSX (10.11 El Capitan), but running 64-bit Windows 10 under Bootcamp (6.0) it gets crazy hot.    I use SMC Fan Control in OSX and if I keep the fans spun up to max (6200 rpm), my CPU will idle around 40-50 C and everything is good.  In Bootcamp, I use a similar program called Macs Fan Control and with the fans all the way up (again 6200 rpm), the CPU diode usually runs between 80-100+ C!  At very best with nothing running, it's like 70-75 C, but when running programs it easily climbs up towards and above 100 C.  The heat is mostly concentrated around the top left hand corner (around the 'esc' key, I think this is where the CPU is).  Most information I've found online about this falls into the following categories:  ol liThermal paste is old and has gone bad.    ul liI've basically ruled this out since everything is cool (literally) in OSX, even when running Photoshop, Safari with lots of tabs, etc./li /ul/li liGraphics card compatibility issues - either the driver isn't up to date, or a more worrisome problem, something about Bootcamp not using the GPU and instead doing all the graphics on the CPU.    ul liI have the latest Nvidia drivers for my graphics card installed. I don't know enough about this GPU/CPU switching issue and I suspect it could be the heart of the problem, but my GPU diode is running at about 70 C in Windows./li /ul/li liRunaway processes and services in Windows are cranking the CPU to the max.    ul liThis doesn't seem to be the case, since a look at the Task Monitor right now shows the CPU usage is 10-20%, but again, temperatures are extremely high./li /ul/li liPeople simply say "that's just how it is. Get a Windows machine."  ul liObviously not helpful./li /ul/li /ol  How can I tame this runaway heat issue when running Windows under Bootcamp? Happy to provide any other information to help diagnose.  <comment327188> This will be a really hard task for us help you. If in macOS is cool, in Windows maybe is a process that is badly implemented and lead to this overheat on hardware. Sometimes is 'indexing files' process (for sure that exist, but dont have a clue of its name) that can lead to this problem, try 'tame' this process removing macOS HD from indexing and some system folders. Even in macOS 'indexing files' can lead to this overheat. <comment327497> @Vagner I realize that asking about Windows problems may not seem appropriate in this Apple Stack Exchange, but like many other Apple users, I am forced to use Windows on Bootcamp due to software that simply doesn't exist for Mac.  I know that some issues exist for Bootcamp Windows users that don't exist on non-Apple hardware, which is why I ask here.  I am guessing others have had similar issues and was hoping that known fixes existed, I just haven't found them in online research yet.  Your answer falls into category 3 that I've listed above, however I have disabled Windows indexing. <comment327533> There is no problem asking about Windows here, we are talking about Windows on Apple hardware, so it is a valid question. It is hard to answer because this kind of problem demands a 'in loco' investigation, see the process and do some tests. Not always that indexing process demands a high CPU load, but is easy to slow down things. This happens in a clean install of Windows? (clean = windows alone, no 3rd pt programs) <comment329126> Update: no this wasn't on a clean install (I don't remember this being an issue before), however the problem somehow seems to have gone away in the most unsatisfactory manner - I don't know what did it.  I didn't install any Windows updates after this, didn't uninstall programs, etc.  It just seems to be back to relatively normal temperatures (50-60 C) and I don't know why.  Wish I could give a more satisfying answer to help others with this issue, but I really don't know what it was. <comment329128> This looks like something scanning your whole system, this is why I suspect  that can be an indexing process. Normally when its done, everything back to normal without any intervention. Maybe is a feature in Windows that needs a whole system scan, and not properly implemented for Apple environment ('HD' filesystem, files, hardware...). Who knows, this is my best guess.