Macbook Pro Early 2011 with Mavericks suddenly got battery died <body> I've got a MacBook Pro 15" (Early 2011, i7 2.2/750GB/HD6750M) and I did some upgrades later on including 2x4GB RAM, a 256GB SSD and a 750GB HDD to replace the optical drive. This machine was smoothly running for a long time and the battery cycle was 89 before this annoying issue happened.  The machine shutdown itself last night without any warnings while I was using it and then rebooted automatically, showing Apple Logo and played the opening sound. Then it shutdowned again, rebooted to opening sound...seemed it was in a infinite rebooting loop.  I unplugged it from the AC power source and it can't boot anymore. By opening the back lid and unplugging/replugging the battery, I have eliminate the infinite rebooting loop issue. The only issue is, my Macbook Pro can only be turned on with AC power.  It is unbelievable for me that a laptop with only 89-cycle battery can't boot without AC power.  So far, I've tried:  Resetting SMC (My MagSafe will not change colour even the SMC resetting is successful) Resetting NVRAM Opening the back lid to unplug the battery and re-plug  None of them worked for me.  I've also noticed that there are some discussions about Mavericks ruining battery health in Apple Support Community, like:  Mavericks - power use / service battery  And according to this user "mshulan (https://discussions.apple.com/message/24756821#24756821) "     Just to note an added wrinkle: I  bought a brand new new Air battery 2   weeks ago prior to upgrading, since my old one had 1000+ cycles and   had only 60% original capacity  The new battery (I installed it   nmyself but it is 100% OEM) worked great, for a week with 100+%   capacity, but after upgrading to Mavericks my Air now says service   battery (after 11 cycles, 3 of which were futile calibration).  The   capacity fluctuates between 47-70%, and nothing seems to have an   effect.  When this started happening I contacted the battery seller,   thinking the battery was failing, and they are sending me a   replacement, but now that I have read this thread, I am convinced the   battery is not at fault.   It seemed the battery is not the fault...  NOTE:  Before this issue, I used battery on this laptop until battery drains (it lasted about 2.5 hours) and few days later when I was using the battery again, I found it could only last less than 1 hour and gave me "Service battery" signs. At that time, the battery cycle was 89.  <comment141125> Check the power requirements for that 750GB HDD. <comment141126> @Buscar웃 Hi thx for quick responding. Like I said, the SSD+HDD combination worked for a long time (1 years+) and even several heavy use without any problems, so it might not the power insufficient issue? <comment141128> OK, I missed that (still working on my second coffee), so putting the old battery in is solving the problem? To eliminate the new battery problem. <comment141138> @Buscar웃 I haven't tried to replace the battery yet (don't have the Y-shaped screw driver). Currently I have the "old" battery plugged in, and the MBP can only be turned on with AC plugged.