TimeCapsule in DHCP&NAT with ISP router in bridge mode does not work. Everything is fine the other way round <body> Until today, I've been using my ISP router in "Router" mode and my time capsule in Bridge mode. TC is connected to ISP router via ethernet port (ISP upstream and TC downstream)   Now, to use Back to My Mac to access my files on TC remotely, I need to have and TC in DHCP &amp; NAT. When I do that, I get a double NAT error on airport utility and a blinking yellow light on the TC device. I'm not sure how to rectify these but my first guess was to switch the ISP router into bridge mode. The moment I did that (and for the 15 minutes I waited), it disappeared from Wi-Fi receivers (that's normal, right?) but the Airport utility indicated that there was no internet connection. At this point, I had to reset the ISP router to re-establish an internet connection.  Currently, the TC is in DHCP and NAT with the double NAT error. Internet works fine, but I'm not sure whether I should proceed to the next steps of Back to My Mac setup.  Is there some step I'm missing? I'm fairly new to this. How can I clear the double NAT error without loosing my internet connection entirely?  Can I ignore the double NAT error and continue to set up Back to My Mac? Note that I am trying to access files on the TC remotely.  Extra info: My ISP router is Ubee EVW3226. All other settings on the ISP router and TC are to set to default, except the DHCP &amp; NAT setting on TC and an Apple ID provided to TC for Back to My Mac. I cannot bypass ISP router as the cable input is different from a simple LAN port (it's the same as my cable-tv cable)  <comment262821> How is the router connected to the TC? Wired ethernet? If so, then switching the router to bridged or 'dumb modem' mode ought to work. The TC would then need to take over DHCP. This would require, at minimum, rebooting everything from the modem/router, inwards <comment262823> Yes, the router is connected to the TC via wired ethernet. I tried switching the router to bridge mode, as I mentioned in the question, but I'm cut off from the internet altogether (airport utility say internet disconnected and  pages don't load.) <comment262824> Solved. Thank you tetsujin, I tried it one more time, and this time it worked. This is after three failed attempts. <comment262825> The router will change its internal IP address when it switches over; hence the need to reboot everything else afterwards, so it picks up the new info & allows the TC to take over DHCP