How do I troubleshoot or resolve the fact my iPhone 7 regularly breaks my heaphones <body> I've had an iPhone 7 for nine months and it seems to regularly break my headphones. I'm now up to my fourth pair of headphones and all, including the ones that shipped with my iPhone (they did not require an adapter), are significantly more quiet on the right side, but not completely silent.  This has happened to my headphones regardless of whether I'm using the audio jack adapter or not. My recent pair (Philips TX1), broke after 4 months. Before the iPhone 7 I had a pair that was 3 years old, and this iPhone broke them too.  The strange part is that new headphones work flawlessly with the iPhone 7 and all other devices. However, after using them a bit with the iPhone (sometimes I hear crackling noises because the adapter is a bit loose), one side becomes significantly quieter when used on all my devices. I don't use the headphones on a daily basis, more like 3 times a week - it's highly unlikely that that's caused by a broken chord, especially because moving the chord does not change anything as it normally would.  Because this is really strange behaviour, I think the Apple Store will not believe me. It's understandable they may have a "we can't help you, you just need to treat your headphones right" view.   My questions:  ul liWhat might the cause of this issue be?/li liHow can I resolve or troubleshoot this?/li liDoes anyone have advice on how I might try dealing with Apple Support to either fix or replace my current iPhone?/li /ul  Observations:  ul liWhen (un-)plugging the headphones with or without adapter, they is a crackling noise. It's the same loudness on both sides./li liThe original headphones shipped with the iPhone that don't require an adapter broke after 1-2 months (first I thought it was the port)./li liMy 3 year old headphones (Philips TX1) that require a headphone jack broke only a couple of weeks later./li liI bought new headphones (Philips TX1) which lasted 4 months/li liOff to a new pair, let's see how long these will hold./li liUsing the broken headphones with a different device (e.g. laptop) yields the same issue./li /ul  <comment365343> What exactly is your question? <comment365345> Oops, updated :) <comment365363> For 3,5mm jack headphones try swapping your Lightning-3,5mm adapter first and see if that helps. There port on the iPhone is digital so it's not directly driving your headphones, instead there's a DAC in the adapter that drives them - if that part is defective and puts out more voltage/amps in your headphones this will cause an issue. Does the issue happen with Lightning headphones as well? <comment365372> Hi @AndréBorie thanks for that. Unfortunately yes, headphones with lightning adapter (the ones included when buying the iphone) had the same issue after a couple of months.