Sent email disappeared, heard 'sent' whoosh, but it's not in the Sent file <body> Wrote email, sent it off, heard whoosh sound, assumed it was done.   Not so.  Cannot find the email anywhere, least of all where it should be: in the Sent File.  Tried various setting options - advanced to tick off the 'sent' option on iPad (nothing) and cannot get it to go to the web server where it was in the first place, but then somehow switched.  I just want to see what I sent, that's all. Please help - I've tried everything I could think of.  <answer121230> Login to your email provider and see if the email is visible there     (ex: gmail.com if a gmail account).  <answer121463> WiFi or cellular? I've had this happen with cellular on my iPhone when connections were spotty. On several cases the device clearly THOUGHT it had sent the message, and the draft was successfully deleted, but nothing was ever sent. I don't recall having this occur on my iOS device after updating to latest iOS7 though.  <answer121468> The iOS Mail app will give you the swoosh sound regardless of if the email is sent or not.  If for some reason there is a problem the email may be placed in an Outbox mail box that only shows for this reason.  This will hold the message until it can be sent.  img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/uVXRv.png" alt="enter image description here"  Here you can see I replicated this by turning on Airplane mode. Which in this case I did get the swoosh.  ( And before anyone says it. I know I would be warned about airplane mode but this is just to force the issue, since I do not have one ;-) )  <comment141294> Emails do not disappear, they can hide however. <comment141301> Could you clarify what software and hardware you are using and what mail backend it is connecting to. <comment141591> The only times I've had disappearing "sent" e-mail messages was when I used Gmail ActiveSync (Exchange). If I was on a spotty connection, sent messages might disappear and never get sent at all. This never happened to me with iCloud, or with any IMAP account.