Sierra Finder keeps crashing <body> I am a bit desperate here. I've been contacting Apple customer service three times but none of the persons I've talked to seemed to know what I'm talking about - which is getting seriously irritating.  I've upgraded my 4 months old MacBook Pro Retina, 15-inch, Mid 2015 a couple of months ago, thinking that the update must have been live long enough to have all its bug fixed.  Since then, I keep having issues every day with Finder, especially when I'm running Logic Pro X that I use on a daily music for my job as a music composer. I've identified two situations when Finder constantly crashes and don't respond (I mean it freezes and when I try to kill the application and relaunch it, it simply disappears - no 'Finder' on the main bar and the desktop is completely emptied of all the files and documents usually there):  ol liAfter a while on sleeping mode/li liAfter a while using Logic Pro X (generally 20 minutes - I notice that Finder crashes because my virtual instruments and plugins stop functioning normally)/li /ol  The only manoeuvre I get to do in these cases is to force my computer to shut down and also force all my external drives to eject. I assume that it means that every day, this issue damages my computer and my external devices. I've already tried to:  ul lireset the SMC/li lirestore the factory settings - nothing changed./li ligo back to El Capitan through Time Machine, successfully, but then the exact same issue occurs - nothing changed./li lire install Logic Pro, all components and virtual instruments again/li lipurchase a new external hard drive, purchase a new cable/li liprevent Spotlight from indexing my external drive /li /ul  Could anyone please help me? I'm so desperate, this is my main work tool.  Thanks so much in advance, -Raphaelle  <comment359795> First, check for all plugin & audio driver updates with each manufacturer; double check each claims they are fully Sierra-compatible. They ought to be by now, but there's always one who just goes quiet... no more updates & your plugin is now limited-life, either stay on the old OS or abandon the plugin  :/ [I have upgraded to Sierra about 4 times now & each time gone back via TM. I'm convinced it's all not as stable as it used to be] <comment359796> I am experiencing the same issues with some other pro app and atom editor. It seems the problem also points to spotlight, when a mouse or keyboard is lost via bluetooth and chrome/net connection. I am at a loss and completely frustrated to say the least.