Does the Apple Watch really identify "you"? <body> In several places in the iOS Apple Watch settings app, important functionality depends on "you" wearing the watch. Critically under the settings for unlocking the watch without requiring a passcode (emSecurity  Unlock with iPhone/em):     When this is on, unlocking your iPhone will automatically unlock Apple   Watch — as long as you're wearing it.   Does the Apple Watch really form a signature for recognizing a specific user (analogous to fingerprint recognition), or should the above read "as long as strongsomeone/strong is wearing it (in BT range of your iPhone)"?  <answer186697> As far as I can tell its just means as long as it's connected via bluetooth and in range. There isn't a Touch ID scanner on the watch or anything like that so I don't think that it forms an knid of "signature" to you.    <answer186832> I interpret the watch being connected to you as it can tell that the clasp is secured to a living human wrist and then can detect when the strap comes off that living human. Apple calls this feature Wrist Detect  So, if you were to put the watch on your friend and then authenticate Apple Pay - they could use your pay token for as long as the battery lasted and the device doesn't detect removal from their wrist.  I suppose they would have to probably not have an extensively dark sleeve tattoo as well, but I haven't heard reports of that causing as many issues with wrist separation detection as I have with pulse measurements and some tattoos.  <answer187473> The documentation only uses codeyou/code to mean a person. The documentation is written with an owner in mind, so it refers to strongyou/strong, the reader, but not so specific as to your singular identity. It is not possible to uniquely identify people through the wrist.  Any specific identification magic largely comes from communication with the paired iPhone.  <comment220490> Vermicious knids! Also, you are correct. <comment220656> I can't find any documentation why bluetooth or a paired iPhone would be needed for Wrist Detect to work on the watch. Do you have experience or a link to explain how that works? <comment220659> The question has to do with the Unlock with iPhone feature not Wrist Detect, I believe you are correct about wrist detect not requiring an iphone.