Change album's main picture in Photos <body> I have an iPhone 6s with iOS 10.  In the Photos app, there are Albums and each Album has a cover photo.    How can I change the cover photo of an Album?  <answer254280> I don’t beleive there is any way to choose the key photo directly on the iPhone. There also isn't a way to perform this selection on Photos web app at https://icloud.com  If you are using iCloud photo library and have a Mac, the Photos app on your computer show the same albums as your phone.  Open the album your interested in changing the cover photo for, right-click (or control-click) the photo you want to use and select ‘make key photo’.  Once the changes sync up to the cloud, this change should be reflected on the phone when it syncs down those changes.  Also complicating things on iOS, there are two kinds of albums, those created by iOS itself (Selfies, Panoramas, etc), and then there are those albums you create yourself.  In those albums created by iOS, the most recent picture will be the so-called cover photo.    With an album you create, the cover photo will be the first picture in the album.    <answer254521>    Open the album your interested in changing the cover photo for,   r-click the photo you want to use and select ‘make key photo’. This   change should be reflected on the phone.   Doesn't work. Also, I could have sworn that there was a "Make Key Photo" option in the share menu in the iOS version of Photos during the beta...  Edit: Never mind. The updated "key photo" selected on macOS EVENTUALLY appeared on the iOS version, two days later.  <answer254781> Tap the person in the People album. Tap Select. Tap Show Faces to focus on just the person’s face in each photo. Tap the photo that you want to use. Tap the Share Extension, then  Set Key Face.  <answer274894> On my iPhone, I can drag the photos around to rearrange their order. Following the advice from above:    ul liOpen the album you wish to change the cover of (this method only works for albums you created yourself, does not work for default ones like Selfies)/li liTap select at the top right corner/li liPerform a long tap (tap and hold) on the photo you wish to make your cover photo/li liThen if you drag your favorite photo so that it is first in the list, it will be used as that album's cover photo/li /ul  <answer281727> On your iPhone or iPad, click open an album you've created (won't work on albums iOS creates). Click Select in the upper right corner. Hold down the picture you want as your cover photo, until it "moves" or gets slightly bigger. Then slide it to the upper left position (first picture). Click Done and it's saved as the cover picture.  <answer288643> I finally stumbled on the solution!  The photo you want highlighted needs to be in the first position in the album. Here is how to move a photo:  Click on the album, hit select in upper right corner. Once there select the photo and drag it to the first photo in the album. Make sure not to 'tap' the photo, but hold your finger on the photo and drag to the first position and bit done.     <comment316880> I'm going to +1 this since it indicates that the time delay could be days for the data to sync. That's not obvious to me from Apple's documentation or the other answer, @fbara <comment317224> This is a good answer for People only, it doesn't work on any other album.  I'll +1 the answer because it's something I didn't know and does work for some of Photos. <comment345715> On the iPhone in `Photos - Albums` you can drag photos around?  I'm trying that and it doesn't work.  Please explain how you're able to do that. <comment345794> Jeez for a company that prides itself on simplistic UX, this is atrociously obscure! <comment364501> This answer was already given several months ago.  To avoid being downvoted, please [edit] your answer to include new or additional info that hasn't already been presented by another user.