A Macbook was stolen and returned: How can I detect the changes that were made on the OS? <body> My Macbook Pro running OS X Yosemite and a Windows 7 Bootcamp was stolen a month ago when I left it sitting in Frankfurt airport. I had used FindMyiPhone to add a lock and wipe it but it never came online. Yesterday we recently received it by mail, in a box, and it looks fairly intact but when we started it up the password had changed on the main account (or maybe we were just typing it wrong). We still managed to get onto the computer with the Master password and the first thing we did was check the system logs in the Console. We managed to make out 3 startups and 3 shutdowns, but I think the Single User boots are not logged. One of the startups was only 10 seconds before a shutdown was called. We also checked the files that were modified at the date of the theft. And the Windows hibernation file was used as well so maybe he booted a 4th time on the Bootcamp. When we opened the the Keychain access we saw that the passwords were also changed so maybe he has access to all the passwords online...  Are there any logs or traces left by OSX that allow us to see the files and setting that were tampered with? Maybe we should do a keylogger/trojan scan? On top of that can we tell if he accessed the computer and changed the password? Are there any steps we should take to check the computer has not been tampered with and the data that was possibly stolen?  Thanks a lot.  strongEDIT:/strong When we login we get a popup that accountsd wants to use Keychain Access so we used the Keychain First Aid to check what was wrong. Using the Keychain First Aid we detected that the com.apple.security.plist file in ~/Library/Preferences/ was modified a few hours after the device was stolen. It was something about the user 501 (seems to be main account UID) being changed to user 0 (Isn't 0 root?).  strongEDIT 2:/strong Inside /var/log/ we have found 6 opendirectoryd logs that were created one day after the theft, another one 2 days later, and one that was made 5 days ago so probably just before he sent the package. What exactly is opendirectoryd?  <comment235980> "_was stolen a month ago when I left it sitting in Frankfurt airport_" seriously, you left it sitting out in the open unattended! You're lucky you got t back! If I were in a situation like this I wouldn't hesitate to wipe the system clean and do a fresh install. <comment236004> What you are now worried about is pretty clear: which data the author of your theft had access to, which one do you have now to change on your Mac and on your other accounts. This is pretty wide a question in the security field. I don't think that even on the http://security.stackexchange.com group you will get the answers you expect. Please focus on one point to simplify your question to focus interest, help and answers. <comment236203> Well it's fine. I'm just going to end up wiping the disk entirely.