Strange sound problems on Yosemite? <body> I was fiddling with the system preferences the other day (nothing too fancy, just toggling a couple switches and seeing what they did). Ever since, my sound has been completely screwed up.   When I plug in headphones, nothing has sound. Sometimes when I press the sound buttons on my keyboard they have an x'ed-out circle on them, sometimes it seems to think the audio levels are changing but nothing is. Same with the audio slider on the top menu bar, sometimes I can't change it at all and sometimes no sound still comes out when I do.  If I open system preferences it's still weird. Sometimes I change the volume but no sound comes out, sometimes it does work. Changing the audio levels on system preferences makes the sound-changing feedback sound (which doesn't happen with the buttons) but often the rest of the computer is still mute; a TV show will have no sound even though the feedback plays on system preferences.   Sometimes changing the sound in system preferences gives me a feedback tone at the exact same loudness no matter what I set it to. Sometimes things start working after I change and then change back certain settings, like the selected sound output source. Sometimes doing that fixes one problem and not the other! I mean, sometimes everything works fine!  If I fix the problem, usually through trial and error - quitting and reopening and toggling and changing back various settings - it starts again next time I plug/unplug my headphones. I've yet to isolate a solution that always works, so I just fiddle until it's fixed.   Also, when I change the sound with the buttons, it often lags? Like the sound or just the image thing show up a a little bit after I press the button? I don't know if that's related but it's a thing.  What's going on here? How do I fix this? Was it really a setting I accidentally activated when I was playing around with system preferences? Why would they have a setting like this?!?  <comment211531> that is a lots of text, but not a single data info, like a screen shot of your sound settings. Normal with system preferences you can not screw up anything. Do you have a 3d party app for sound control ? Did you try to repair the disk permissions?