Is the Macbook 12 inch's USB-C charger interchangeable with other USB-C chargers or devices? <body> If there is only the Macbook 12 inch USB-C charger nearby, can it be used to charge other USB-C devices, such as any Android phones that also use USB-C? (will it "too powerful" and damage other devices?)  Vice versa, if there is a Quick Charge 2.0 or 3.0 USB-C charger from other devices nearby, can it be used to charge the Macbook 12 inch?  The main concern is about whether it could damage the device or battery.  <answer275563> strongShort answer/strong  To address your main concern about whether it could damage the device or battery when charging devices with a charger not specifically designed for that device, the answer is strongyes, it could/strong. However, in some cases it will be fine. The only way anyone here may be able to answer that question is to know the exact models of the device(s) and charger(s) you're talking about.  strongLong answer/strong  While I understand your question, strongit's impossible to give a generic answer/strong.   The reason for this is different chargers will have different voltage/wattage ratings.  Using MacBooks as an example, they emtypically/em require in the range of 55 watts to 90 watts of power in order to charge (depending on the model, e.g. the late-2016 13" MacBook Pros require 60 watts, while the 15" models require 85 watts).  So, it is possible that you have a USB-C charger from another device laying around that provides enough juice to charge one model of MacBook and not enough to charge another. Or, it may be enough to charge one model in a few hours but not enough to charge the other model unless it is switched off and connected for a day.  Another important factor is that different devices will emregulate/em how they draw power for charging differently. One way people often get caught out is that they will use a charger to charge a device that draws power more quickly than the charger was really designed to do. This emseems/em to work fine, but after a while what happens is the charger itself dies because it's been used too often to charge that particular device.  Another way people get caught out is they connect a emcharger/em which has the wrong voltage, because it is close to the correct voltage. However, if the device is using that charger as it's main power source the risk of damaging the device is pretty high. It's just not worth the risk!  strongNOTES:/strong  ul liThis question may be of interest/li liSome chargers will be switchable (e.g. they can automatically switch voltages etc) and, in rare situations you can manually switch the voltage/wattage of a charger. However, I have not seem one on the market in recent times so do not know how readily available these are./li /ul  <answer275566>    If there is only the Macbook 12 inch USB-C charger nearby, can it be used to charge other USB-C devices, such as any Android phones that also use USB-C? (will it "too powerful" and damage other devices?)   strongYes, it can be used and you will not cause any damage./strong  USB-C conforms to the USB 3.1 specification.  Part of that specification is the Power Delivery Spec.  This means that the device and charger will emnegotiate/em the power that is delivered.  As to whether a charger is too powerful or not, you can emalways/em use a charger stronggreater than or equal to the maximum power draw of the device./strong    In other words, if your Apple USB-C charger is capable of delivering 87W of power, but you only need 10W for your phone, you can charge your phone no problem.  However, your 10W phone charger cannot charge your 87W MacBook.     Vice versa, if there is a Quick Charge 2.0 or 3.0 USB-C charger from other devices nearby, can it be used to charge the Macbook 12 inch?   Possibly.  The power delivery spec allows for power negotiation.  If there is sufficient power, it will charge, albeit slowly.  It may charge, but not power your device.  It may do nothing (it couldn't agree on a negotiated power delivery so it stopped delivering power).  If it's a poor quality charger (and does not conform to USB-C spec) it may overheat.    This is why you always use chargers greater than or equal to your device load. 