Wifi connection but no internet <body> I have joined my home WiFi network and I don't get Internet through it anymore. Phones and other computers have no issues, others who were here haven't  changed anything or noticed any difference.   I was away from home for a week using various public and hotel WiFi networks, if that means anything. I used a public WiFi network 30 minutes before and had no issues.   I've looked through previous questions like this which had a lot of responses, and I still haven't solved it:  Full Wi-fi/ethernet signal but no internet  How do I troubleshoot my Wi-Fi connection when an exclamation mark appears?  I can log in to the router admin settings. Everything seems fine. I have tried changing the IPv4 address manually, making sure nothing is using the same IP etc.   I have tried using 8.8.8.8 as the DNS server address. In Terminal codeifconfig en1/code gives:  precodeFlags=963&lt;UP BROADCAST SMART RUNNING PROMISC SIMPLEX&gt; mtu 1500 Options =60 &lt;tso4, tso6&gt; Ether 4a:00:03:a0:13:90 Media: auto select &lt;full-duplex&gt; Status: inactive  /code/pre  (Apologies if the syntax is off, I'm copying this on to my phone)  It is a MacBook Pro retina 13inch 2.9ghz i5, OSX 10.11.4  Any ideas are much appreciated!  <answer246835> Your wireless device appears to be in promiscuous mode.  Maybe you are doing a packet dump or sniffing packets?  If so, no worries.  If not, I would investigate this further, as it emsometimes/em yet not always indicates a compromised system being used as a stepping stone in further network penetration.    First, a quick and dirty network device refresh can be effectuated by creating a new location in the System Preferences, under the network portion.  Look at the top, and under location, click edit locations.  Then click the plus button, and give the new location a name.br Then please select your home network, and re-enter the password.    Your problem might have been resolved.  If not, then please go back to the terminal and provide the output of these:  precode     ifconfig -a -v       pfctl -v -si       pfctl -v -sr       ipconfig getpacket en1       netstat -nvia -I en1       netstat -nr /code/pre  Hope that this helps.  F.  <comment304516> I am not sniffing packets as far as I know. I tried the new location suggestion but it did not help. I have the terminal outputs for the commands you gave but I will have to wait until tomorrow to get to a computer that I can post from. Thank you for your help.